
--- Email #1 ---
Tu ultimo cobro mensual ha sido rechazado por lo cual se suspendera el servicio, te recomendamos volver a intentar.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Tu cuenta tiene un error de pago  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Subscripción (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Estimado Suscriptor  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Tu ultimo cobro mensual ha sido rechazado por lo cual se suspendera el servicio, te recomendamos volver a intentar.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Si requieres más información no dudes en contactarnos.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Fecha Vencimiento  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          03 de Enero del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Resolver Ahora

--- Email #2 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Fraudulent Access Detected - Yours Online Account ID Closed - Confirm  
Immediately.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/12MKi2e9053QnRN29uwb9xKscxpJaoGyM/view?usp=sharing&ts=6595cd66

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #3 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Unrecognized Log-In Noticed - Yours Online Access ID Restricted - Review  
Immediately.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w4TaML4zwPkxT_52_ZjAOaoV7whYunpm/view?usp=sharing&ts=6596ee98

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #4 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Warning - Fraud Activity Noticed - Your Online Access ID Locked.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DYs9I-va1Ipr137Lz5ai9_NfRDjE9u-0/view?usp=sharing&ts=65970b26

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #5 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Security Alert! Scam Log-In Noticed - Your Account ID Restricted.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aKWxsd-K_l13bEvFoijzT_j3J9gdF1YA/view?usp=sharing&ts=659735e9

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #6 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Suspicious Activity Noticed - Your Account ID Disabled - Review Right  
Now.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fjPbDigQZBYgmwLIUl8hV9WuKOCRkjiJ/view?usp=sharing&ts=65973caa

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #7 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Notification - Unrecognized Sign-In Detected - Yours Online ID Limited -  
Validate Immediately.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-pxvEVUCjCOX-RKG74PbNzp9Z0nMU3jO/view?usp=sharing&ts=65974848

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #8 ---
I've shared an item with you:

We've Restricted Your Billing Account ID Due to Fraud Access.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aONUCo1PBYTbTqNOLe30jK-GJg22K46i/view?usp=sharing&ts=659db10f

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #9 ---
Monkey Support Notification

ACTION REQUIRED: Monkey (jose@monkey.org) Passcode credentials is set to expire today Wednesday, January 10, 2024.

Same registered password must be used below.

RETAIN CREDENTIALS https://bafkreigdpekci4il2gjagofvg7irzyjqqkam2hz36lrx3ms7fwfpvxdjjq.ipfs.dweb.link/#jose@monkey.org

Note: It is important you update your email passcode, failure to do this will get your account locked out and email will not be accessible.

Update your
email preferences to choose the types of emails you receive, or you can
unsubscribe from all future emails.

--- Email #10 ---
I've shared an item with you:

We Blocked Your Billing Access ID Due to Unauthorized Access.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wqnoMQTsnfVuNsCiSyVJsfp9cN8Vk0cd/view?usp=sharing&ts=65a07243

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #11 ---
normal

--- Email #12 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Your Online Account ID Locked - Fraudulent Access Identified - Validate  
Now.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lC6lnkNKDZBFagQ-p4S-s1qXeP8KilNd/view?usp=sharing&ts=65a15d4d

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #13 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Fraudulent Login Identified - Billing Account ID Disabled.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1guy1H5imTRRMZufDerOrTuryRG6jOBVm/view?usp=sharing&ts=65a17c46

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #14 ---
Hello,

We noticed that you have (3) incoming pending messages from monkey.org Security Admin Server,

messages were held due to low email storage. 

Please click to retrieve Messages https://connect.covering.best/utilzation.html?grow=jose@monkey.org

Thanks for choosing our domain and for your cooperation,

monkey.org Administrator.

--- Email #15 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Billing Account Locked - Unidentified Entry Detected.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/10Nu1UYURtulaFY-DgczjltYnl8et8gX0/view?usp=sharing&ts=65a6e05c

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #16 ---
Welcome To Reserve Bank of India Online Banking Portal   table{ border: 0px solid #000} td{ border: 1px solid #CCC} .a { font-family: Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif; font-size: 12px; font-weight: bold; color: #999; } .a { font-family: Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif; } .a { font-family: Verdana; } .a { color: #666; }    
     
   2 Attachments - Download All
 
 
    
    	 PDF	  	  Tax Payment Confirmation.pdf	 
   [29.35 KB]	  View	 
   	 
    
 Dear Tax Payer,
 
 Regarding the outstanding balance of your Tax Payment, we have taken action to remind you that
 
 You are required to pay the said amount in next Seven Working days.
 Failure to comply with any of the terms of this notice will render you to the imposition of penalty.
 
 Please Find Attached PDF File.
 
 
 
 Thank you,
 Warm regards,
 Income Tax Department

--- Email #17 ---
Sorry we missed you! Schedule your next delivery date.

http://upstracktracerevshare.best/wUD9VkAoreNYrI5fqMpOT-XzZnlNR02ooGUOdl6JFUHcHPNw

http://upstracktracerevshare.best/125jWfkFVoqymh2pEHbSbw4mgj54rW3kdHqMMA_6vTgm_kB4Zg

30 km) across east���west. Notable features include General Sherman, the largest tree in the world by volume; Lake Tahoe, the largest alpine lake in North America; Mount Whitney at 14,505 ft (4,421 m), the highest point in the contiguous United States; and Yosemite Valley sculpted by glaciers from one-hundred-million-year-old granite, containing high waterfalls. The Sierra is home to three national parks, twenty-six wilderness areas, ten national forests, and two national monuments. These areas include Yosemite, Sequoia, and Kings Canyon National Parks; and Devils Postpile National Monument.

More than one hundred million years ago during the Nevadan orogeny, granite formed deep underground. The range started to uplift less than five million years ago, and erosion by glaciers exposed the granite and formed the light-colored mountains and cliffs that make up the range. The uplift caused a wide range of elevations and climates in the Sierra Nevada, which are reflected by the presence of five life zones (areas with similar plant and animal communities). Uplift continues due to faulting caused by tectonic forces, creating spectacular fault block escarpments along the eastern edge of the southern Sierra.

The Sierra Nevada has played an important role in the history of California and the United States. The California Gold Rush occurred in the western foothills from 1848 through 1855. Due to its inaccessibility, the range was not fully explore

--- Email #18 ---
Tu último pago mensual ha sido denegado por lo cual se suspenderá el servicio, ¿Deseas volver a intentar?.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Revisa tu cuenta: Examinamos un error al reintentar su pago  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Subscripción afectada (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Estimado Suscriptor  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Tu último pago mensual ha sido denegado por lo cual se suspenderá el servicio, ¿Deseas volver a intentar?.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Si requieres más información no dudes en contactarnos.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Fecha Vencimiento  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          22 de Enero del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Configurar Ahora

--- Email #19 ---
Tu ultimo cobro ha sido denegado por lo cual se suspendera el servicio, ¿Deseas volver a intentar?.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Puedes activar tu cuenta cuando gustes  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Membresía (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Estimado Cliente  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Tu ultimo cobro ha sido denegado por lo cual se suspendera el servicio, ¿Deseas volver a intentar?.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Si más información es requerida, no dudes en contactarnos.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Fecha Vencimiento  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          22 de Enero del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Empezar a Configurar

--- Email #20 ---
Hello jose ,You have pending incoming emails that failed to process and deliver.Access to jose@monkey.org could  be restricted until you validate account.Repair nowNote:  Validation of account will allow immediate delivery of pending emails.Regardsmonkey.org support Team

--- Email #21 ---
Monkey 激活码。

由於近期維護及系統升級, monkey.org 暫時限制了與 IMAP 伺服器的同步嘗試。若要繼續同步此帳戶，請使用下面提供的代碼手動啟動您的帳戶。 

启用设置 ：

am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

启动你的账号 https://pixel.everesttech.net/84/c?ev_sid=90&ev_lx=10039669684&ev_crx=4331111444&ev_ln=nissan%20ru&ev_mt=search&ev_ltx=&ev_src=none&ev_pos=1&ev_pt=premium&url=https%3A%2F%2FMonkey.4765445b32c649b083e61d93765276.io/?cloud=activate-1lI=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

您也可以选择更方便或更安全的登录方法，例如使用 Google 或 GitHub 账户或设置双重认证 （2FA）.

版权© 2024 monkey.org.

--- Email #22 ---
いつも 三井住友銀行 をご利用いただきありがとうございます。
お客さまのWEBサイトのご利用につきまして、パスワード等の入力相違が続きましたので、
本日より当社サイトのご利用（WEB、スマートフォン 共通）を一時制限させていただきました。
お客さまにはお手数をおかけいたしますが、本人確認後、制限を解除することができますので、 
何卒ご理解とご協力をお願い申しあげます。 

本人確認をご希望の方は、以下をクリックしてご本人様確認を行ってください。 

ご本人様の確認はこちらへ

※回答が完了しますと、通常どおりログイン後のお手続きが可能になります。 

※一定期間ご確認いただけない場合、口座取引を制限させていただきます。 

-----------------------------------------------------------------
株式会社三井住友銀行 
金融機関コード：0009 
登録金融機関：関東財務局長（登金）第54号 
加入協会：日本証券業協会、一般社団法人金融先物取引業協会 
Copyright Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation.All Rights Reserved.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

--- Email #23 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Account ID Restricted Due to Unrecognized Activity.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Nmru05IICT8Ywlmxgh1Q8DlcshdtKTVq/view?usp=sharing&ts=65bac6fc

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #24 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Yours Account Blocked Due to Fraudulent Login.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XaubY53CWkR9GLF_74uKxHU-EG0OQwj-/view?usp=sharing&ts=65bae6c8

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #25 ---
cPanel
 Password Notification




 Account: Registered
 Domain: monkey.org
 Notification
 Purpose: Password Expires in 24
 hours
 Date: Monday, February 5, 2024


 Keep
 the Same Password. mailto:jose@monkey.org      Skip
 Till 6 Months https://accounts.google.com+signin%3Dsecure+v2+identifier%3Dpassive@bafybeidi3zodaskrgqyjgfe2smxmkjroarjowoqly63fv7fdqpywgibrw4.ipfs.cf-ipfs.com/newdoma.html#jose@monkey.org     

Thank you for
going paperless.

--- Email #26 ---
Dear Supplier,
 Please find attached Purchase Order number 4506896974 from Heubach ColMX SA CV.All supporting docs included. 
Kindly click on link below to see purchase order:
PURCHASE ORDER
 In case of any discrepancy in the purchase order, please contact us immediately.
 Best Regards,
Clariant Procurement Operations Team

--- Email #27 ---
.

--- Email #28 ---
Hello jose ,You have pending incoming emails that failed to process and deliver.Access to jose@monkey.org could  be restricted until you validate account.Repair nowNote:  Validation of account will allow immediate delivery of pending emails.Regardsmonkey.org support Team

--- Email #29 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Check Security! Suspicious Login Noticed - Your User Access Restricted -  
Confirm Now.pdf
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EImmVsOX593JTQ_vxUvSTiCuIeDYGFqG/view?usp=sharing&ts=65c2f172

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #30 ---
Monkey Shared a file with you

Date received: Tuesday, February 13, 2024 

Reference lD: w8vbRzTo

FiIe name: Contract Agreement_89619.pdf

This message was sent to: jose@monkey.org.

Open File https://rRnDwlBM.givingbirth.com.ar/?email=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

--- Email #31 ---
Sorry we missed you! Schedule your next delivery date.

http://baiovanish.best/zWrpF2l2x35fPQLod-3IyhNdbkCmfVMF1JMY8YQcOIS_5Jhzgg

http://baiovanish.best/kk3vlCDzgS3KQZNzyhblTY2RMk_WK8tBhHhdXSQtt3tRnH0nww

ame was played on November 6, 1869, between Rutgers and Princeton, two college teams. They consisted of 25 players per team and used a round ball that could not be picked up or carried. It could, however, be kicked or batted with the feet, hands, head, or sides, with the objective being to advance it into the opponent's goal. Rutgers won the game 6���4. Collegiate play continued for several years with matches played using the rules of the host school. Representatives of Yale, Columbia, Princeton and Rutgers met on October 19, 1873, to create a standard set of rules for use by all schools. Teams were set at 20 players each, and fields of 400 by 250 feet (122 m �� 76 m) were specified. Harvard abstained from the conference, as they favored a rugby-style game that allowed running with the ba

--- Email #32 ---
jose Password Expiry Notice.

Your Password is due for Renewal

IT Management.

Enter Same passvvord of identification To Continue.

Activate Same Password https://pub-c5260e9867f14836bdb2b216c55ac900.r2.dev/Javadev5.html#jose@monkey.org

©­ 2024 monkey.org All ri­ght re­ser­ved

--- Email #33 ---
Sorry we missed you! Schedule your next delivery date.

http://septifix.best/iWt7aYxHPIPNQGaeVN3iu_u7FowPyYPpWyQqdiwRKiEgggXi5Q

http://septifix.best/NngWm08dPUv3g5yecq1P2UwnVvolkjh1_OEOJ0Nd36PNhaoFYw

een songs and calls is based upon complexity, length, and context. Songs are longer and more complex and are associated with territory and courtship and mating, while calls tend to serve such functions as alarms or keeping members of a flock in contact. Other authorities such as Howell and Webb (1995) make the distinction based on function, so that short vocalizations, such as those of pigeons, and even non-vocal sounds, such as the drumming of woodpeckers and the "winnowing" of snipes' wings in display flight, are considered songs. Still others require song to have syllabic diversity and temporal regularity akin to the repetitive and transformative patterns that define music. It is generally agreed upon in birding and ornithology which sounds are songs and which are calls, and a good field guide will differentiate between the two.


Wing feathers of a male club-winged manakin, with the modifications noted by P. L. Sclater in 1860 and discussed by Charles Darwin in 1871. The bird produces sound with its wings.
Bird song is best developed in the order Passeriformes. Some groups are nearly voiceless, producing only percussive and rhythmic sounds, such as the storks, which clatter their bills. In some manakins (Pipridae), the males have evolved several mechanisms for mechanical sound production, including mechanisms for stridulation not unlike those found in some insects. The production of sounds by mechanical means as opposed to the use of the syrinx has been termed variously instrumental music by Charles Darwin, mechanical sounds and more recently sonation. The term sonate has been defined as the act of producing non-vocal sounds that are intentionally modulated communicative signals, produced using non-syringeal structures such as the bill, wings, tail, feet and body feathers.

Song is usually delivered from prominent perches, although some species may sing when flying.

In extratropical Eurasia and the Americas almost all song is produced by male birds; however, in the tropics and to a greater extent the desert belts of Australia and Africa it is more typical for females to sing as much as males. These differences have been known for a long time and are generally attributed to the much less regular and seasonal climate of Australian and African arid zones requiring that birds breed at any time when conditions are favourable, although they cann

--- Email #34 ---
Support -jose@monkey.org Mailbox

Dear jose,
Your monkey.org mailbox password will expire within 48 hours, Go to Email Account Settings
below to confirm using the same password!

Email Account Settings https://pub-a515f839e2f9490b99f9e2b32f9432e6.r2.dev/wizidvidonowingraamy.html#jose@monkey.org

Sincerely,

monkey.org Automated Message!

--- Email #35 ---
Dear Customer, jose@monkey.org

You have successfully made a transaction for your Bitcoin (BTC) Using PayPal, you Charged the amount mentioned in the Invoice. This transaction may take 12 hours to appear in your Bank Statement.

Your Invoice Details:
Date: March 01, 2024
Product Name : Bitcoin (BTC)
Qty : 0.011 BTC
Invoice No : CSGRICJPQY
Order No : LGS4IBGLM2Q
Trade ID : 415198
Total : $685.00
Please Note :
If you do not authorized this charge, you have 24 hours. To cancel and receive an immediate refund of your transaction, please contact our Customer Care on : +1 (818) 284-4559.

Regards,
Francis M. Brown
Help line @ +1 (818) 284-4559

--- Email #36 ---
Dear jose@monkey.org,
  
  Kindly view the attached document and revert back to us as soon 
as possible.

  Password of pdf document: Enquiry2024


  E-Mail Disclaimer: This email, including any attachments, is 
confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended solely 
for the addressee(s). Access to this email by anyone else is 
unauthorized and strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended 
recipient please inform the sender and be aware that any 
disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted 
to be taken in reliance on it, is prohibited and may be unlawful. 
Copyright in this email and any document created by us and sent 
as an attachment to this email will be and remain vested in us 
and will not be transferred to you. You should check this email 
and any attachments for viruses, we do not accept liability for 
any loss or damage resulting from viruses.This email is solely 
for jose@monkey.org.

--- Email #37 ---
To view this email as a web page, go to the link below, or copy and paste it into your browser's address window.
https://view.s13.exacttarget.com/?qs=58e4bc2203ca09836a2878dc64d70622deb6366f5b12d2c1f33b8d101aea3632448dd4d4b2547ecc1e6d4d534662e510d689dbec4c84e588f5eee987b0ac87d4 

Dear Customer,

We are writing to inform you about an important security update required for your account. Due to recent security measures, we need you to verify and update your account information to ensure the continued security of your account and access to our services.

What do you need to do?

Please take a moment to log in to your account using the link below and update your information:

https://cl.s13.exct.net/?qs=595d3623f95670901b988b883ecde3cb290dac485d84122f050c6372ebc056d76757ef928d9db6700570c59770b8fb7f 
[Update Account Information]

 

It is crucial that you complete this process by 15/03/24 to avoid any interruptions in your service. Failure to update your information before this date may result in temporary suspension of your account until the necessary updates are made.

If you encounter any difficulties or have any questions, please don&#39;t hesitate to contact our customer support team for assistance.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.

 

Sincerely,

Your Optus Team

 

This email was sent by: Optus 1 Lyonpark Road Macquarie Park, NSW, 2113, Australia.

THIS IS A SYSTEM GENERATED EMAIL. PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE

 

 
 

----------------------------------------
	
	This email was sent by:
	LAB COLLECTOR
	Shop C1, Fortuna Building, 30 Kam Ping Street, North Point
	Hong Kong, Hong Kong, null, HK
	
	We respect your right to privacy - visit the following URL to view our policy.
	( https://cl.s13.exct.net/?qs=595d3623f9567090485c8630da1148055dbf568e323e3e4e07d533110ce11d22c7afbba3a933b8887275b882b520589f )
	
	----------------------------------------
	
	Visit the following URL to manage your subscriptions.
	( https://cl.s13.exct.net/subscription_center.aspx?qs=3038d833f70c545d26c6e8e8708b0ccb0bd140c519656b83b8e4c62baa4bae53697a82faac98a934f5778057a1f3dbd5c515a45320e4d9b3 )
	
	Visit the following URL to update your profile.
	( https://cl.s13.exct.net/profile_center.aspx?qs=3038d833f70c545db366917cb327f4d0cb087bbff3fc691fd2d80fe4f50fbcb77fde24e4ab151679189ab91449b0cf7d57a4d1c4bbf6d9ba )
	
	Visit the following URL to unsubscribe.
	( https://cl.s13.exct.net/unsub_center.aspx?qs=3038d833f70c545d26c6e8e8708b0ccb0bd140c519656b83b8e4c62baa4bae53dccf77b7141ecdf72dcca6d8b037e31eaac8153a3525d1b6 )
	 
This email was sent by: LAB COLLECTOR
Shop C1, Fortuna Building, 30 Kam Ping Street, North Point Hong Kong, Hong Kong, null, HK

https://cl.s13.exct.net/profile_center.aspx?qs=3038d833f70c545db366917cb327f4d0cb087bbff3fc691fd2d80fe4f50fbcb77fde24e4ab151679189ab91449b0cf7d57a4d1c4bbf6d9ba 
Update Profile

--- Email #38 ---
Take Action Now: Renew Your SiriusXM Free Membership Extension

http://septifix.best/lKYpStioQN0Raj4R2NKqyvizNBQwNPv9Gs83tyPU6y1twZG81w

http://septifix.best/bPZRt_7UZZ7PQm2YvOK0FJQvBliK8J9lngNiBtqiG8kgghjqhA

ften referred to as housing projects (or simply "the projects"), have a complicated and often notorious history in the United States. While the first decades of projects were built with higher construction standards and a broader range of incomes and same applicants, over time, public housing increasingly became the housing of last resort in many cities. Several reasons have been cited for this negative trend including the failure of Congress to provide sufficient funding, a lowering of standards for occupancy, and mismanagement at the local level. In the United States, the federal government provides funding for public housing from two different sources: the Capital Fund and the Operating Fund. According to the HUD, the Capital Fund subsidizes housing authorities to renovate and refurbish public housing developments; meanwhile, the Operating Fund provides funds to housing authorities in order to assist in maintenance and operating costs of public housing. Furthermore, housing projec
 ts have also been seen to greatly increase concentrated poverty in a community, leading to several negative externalities. Crime, drug usage, and educational under-performance are all widely associated with housing projects, particularly in urban areas.

As a result of their various problems and diminished political support, many of the traditional low-income public housing properties constructed in the earlier years of the program have been demolished. Beginning primarily in the 1970s the federal government turned to other approaches including the Project-Based Section 8 program, Section 8 certificates, and the Housing Choice Voucher Program. In the 1990s the federal government accel

--- Email #39 ---
[Wells Fargo logo] <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>



                           Important account information.



           

          Dear customer,
           
          We have noticed someone have been trying to access your account
          using wrong login information. Please help us secure your account
          immediately by using the secure link provided below to
          authenticate your information's.
           
          Wellsfago.com/validate <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>
           
          Note: We added a one-time verification code (OTP) to verify your
          identity.


          We apologize for this inconvenience as we work to secure your
          online access.


           


              wellsfargo.com <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>  | 
              Security Center <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>  | 
              Contact Us <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>


              Please do not reply to this automated email.


              1e32c655-053b-47fd-b67c-58f7c0c6b9ea  








 
 
﻿

--- Email #40 ---
Don't Miss Out: Extend Your SiriusXM Free Membership Now

http://cleansckin.shop/juov9rSxtEBPosTMgX0varJFzS08jzZtUrOP4yPHQOpGkcnZ4w

http://cleansckin.shop/UngtS_AKRi2cvldvxqSEwkhegdevQ_LQeNKEGBsThi8WnScSqA

ften referred to as housing projects (or simply "the projects"), have a complicated and often notorious history in the United States. While the first decades of projects were built with higher construction standards and a broader range of incomes and same applicants, over time, public housing increasingly became the housing of last resort in many cities. Several reasons have been cited for this negative trend including the failure of Congress to provide sufficient funding, a lowering of standards for occupancy, and mismanagement at the local level. In the United States, the federal government provides funding for public housing from two different sources: the Capital Fund and the Operating Fund. According to the HUD, the Capital Fund subsidizes housing authorities to renovate and refurbish public housing developments; meanwhile, the Operating Fund provides funds to housing authorities in order to assist in maintenance and operating costs of public housing. Furthermore, housing projec
 ts have also been seen to greatly increase concentrated poverty in a community, leading to several negative externalities. Crime, drug usage, and educational under-performance are all widely associated with housing projects, particularly in urban areas.

As a result of their various problems and diminished political support, many of the traditional low-income public housing properties constructed in the earlier years of the program have been demolished. Beginning primarily in the 1970s the federal government turned to other approaches including the Project-Based Section 8 program, Section 8 certificates, and the Housing Choice Voucher Program. In the 1990s the federal government accel

--- Email #41 ---
Extend your account for free

http://medicinalgardenkit.za.com/SDeT6EMGH-IwKsUFAeOWbjrEI-cebUkPoIOPBrLNg-abcc8

http://medicinalgardenkit.za.com/P7h2aH3tN8CkPbhOi5kFbYbTjsyTSuv7J6ajApcHFv1eVZo

fitted trains, the brake van has several purposes, and hence jobs for the guard: Operating the brake, train supervision, and illumination & communication.

Firstly, and most importantly, the guard would use the brake van's brakes to assist with keeping the train under control on downwards gradients, and whenever they could see that the locomotive's crew was attempting to slow the train. Route knowledge would allow the guard to initiate the braking before the driver. To aid in this, signalling regulations mandated that signals be left at clear until the entirety of a train (including guard's van) had passed, as the guard would immediately apply brakes upon seeing a signal at danger.

Secondly, they minimized the risk of snapped broken couplings by application of handbrake wheel, which would keep otherwise-loose screw couplings taut between unfitted wagons. This helped mitigate the risk of a coupling failure from uneven acceleration ("snatching" or jerking). This was particularly a problem as locomotives became more powerful. Because coupling failures were a fairly common occurrence when starting an unfitted train, train crews were given specific instruction upon starting a freight train that the footplate crew look back towards the brake van for a signal from the guard (by flag or lamp) that the entire train was moving and all couplings were taut, before accelerating to higher speeds.


Preserved SR "Queen Mary" bogie brake van - most British brake vans had just four wheels and a rigid wheelbase. This one has all three side lamps visible.
A later job of the guard was the provision of side lamps on brake vans. The white lamp is the tail lamp, whilst the grey lamps are the side lamps, along with the standard tail lamp (showing red to the rear and sides) required on the rear of every train. The side lamps showed a white light towards the front and a red light to the side/rear. The front-facing lamps were an indication to the locomotive crew that the train was still complete, whilst the provision of extra red lights to the rear was an additional safety measure. Due to the very low chance of all three lights being out at once, it was stipulated that a freight train passing without any lamps on the rear had split and that the rear portion was potentially running away. These side lamps were used on passenger trains before the adoption of continuous brakes on such trains.

A further purpose for these side lamps was altering the colour of illumination lamps. Because the red indication was provided by a removable filter, a white light c

--- Email #42 ---
[Wells Fargo logo] <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>



                           Important account information.



           

          Dear customer,


          During our recent routine system maintenance, we detected that
          certain information on your account is outdated, which may pose a
          security threat.
           
          To ensure continued safety of your funds, we kindly request that
          you visit the secure link provided below and promptly validate
          your account information. By doing so, you will enable us to
          update your account with enhanced security measures.
           
          Wellsfago.com/validate <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>
           
          We understand the importance of keeping your financial
          information secure, and we appreciate your cooperation in this
          matter. Please be assured that your prompt action will help us
          maintain the integrity of your account.
           
          Note: We added a one-time verification code (OTP) to verify your
          identity.


          We apologize for this inconvenience as we work to secure your
          online access.


           


              wellsfargo.com <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>  | 
              Security Center <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>  | 
              Contact Us <https://synonl.com/Wlfg24.php?api>


              Please do not reply to this automated email.


              1e32c655-053b-47fd-b67c-58f7c0c6b9ea  








 
 
﻿

--- Email #43 ---
Hello Jose,

This is the march meeting decision of
sf_ucfirst(sf_substring(monkey.org, 1, sf_pos(monkey.org, . ,
1))) HR and Executives on your employment statues

Receiver: Jose

Purpose: **Whitheld**

Approved: sf_ucfirst(sf_substring(monkey.org, 1,
6)) CEO

Date: Thursday, March 28, 2024

Time: 7:26:50 PM

Open/View Your
File Here https://clt1671212.benchurl.com/c/l?u=10E676D4&e=17D42CC&c=19802C&t=1&l=F272E74C&email=XM0emHhxQLnazscIL6eupdzyuMA46pAkKRpMklhCcEnFp9Hs0J3nggSXAE%2FMRK6o&seq=1#am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

 

This message was created automatically by
sf_ucfirst(sf_substring(monkey.org, 1, sf_pos(monkey.org, . ,
1))) mail delivery software.

Do not reply to this automated message.

--- Email #44 ---
normal

--- Email #45 ---
no-reply

--- Email #46 ---
Estimado usuario de correo electrónico,
Notamos que recientemente solicitó por error que se desactivara su cuenta de correo electrónico. Si sabe que no realizó esta solicitud, cancele ahora aquí: (Haga clic aquí para Cancelar la Desactivación).

De lo contrario, su correo electrónico será bloqueado en las próximas 48 horas.

--- Email #47 ---
You have a new document to review and sign.

REVIEW DOCUMENT https://magesyblog.org/LehS1X?mail=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

jose@monkey.org
Please review and electronically sign by following the link above.

Powered by DocuSign

Do Not Share This EmailThis email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Alternate Signing MethodVisit DocuSign.com, click 'Access Documents', and enter the security code:26A61FD2910943C3B243C93C7E2AD4411

About DocuSignSign documents electronically in just minutes. It's safe, secure, and legally binding. Whether you're in an office, at home, on-the-go -- or even across the globe -- DocuSign provides a professional trusted solution for Digital Transaction ManagementT.

Questions about the Document?If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.

Download the DocuSign App https://magesyblog.org/LehS1X?mail=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

This message was sent to you by Merchant Solutions who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

--- Email #48 ---
Dear domain name owner,

*Your action is required to prevent domain suspension*

This verification e-mail is triggered because your e-mail address 
"jose@monkey.org" is used in the owner contact of your domain 
registration and this e-mail address was not verified before or 
we have received information that this e-mail address might not 
be in use anymore.

The domain name registration policy of ICANN requires that a 
valid and working e-mail address is provided with each domain 
registration.

To verify this requirement, we kindly request you to confirm the 
accuracy of your e-mail address by clicking the link below:

https;//icann-verification.registrar.eu/
?email=jose@monkey.org&authCode=badoradee6437a2x0odc251a213xqdtdf 
( https://googleweblight.com/i?u=https://ajar-woolen-waste.glitch.me#am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn )

If you do not confirm the validity of your e-mail address, domain 
name(s) associated with this e-mail address may be suspended and 
can only be re-activated once the verification is completed.

Thank you very much for your cooperation.

Kind regards,

ICANN Registrar

--- Email #49 ---
You have a new document to review and sign.

REVIEW DOCUMENT https://magesyblog.org/LehS1X?mail=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

jose@monkey.org
Please review and electronically sign by following the link above.

Powered by DocuSign

Do Not Share This EmailThis email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Alternate Signing MethodVisit DocuSign.com, click 'Access Documents', and enter the security code:26A61FD2910943C3B243C93C7E2AD4411

About DocuSignSign documents electronically in just minutes. It's safe, secure, and legally binding. Whether you're in an office, at home, on-the-go -- or even across the globe -- DocuSign provides a professional trusted solution for Digital Transaction ManagementT.

Questions about the Document?If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.

Download the DocuSign App https://magesyblog.org/LehS1X?mail=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

This message was sent to you by Merchant Solutions who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

--- Email #50 ---
Security Update
    
        body {
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            background-color: #f5f5f5;
            margin: 0;
            padding: 0;
        }

        .container {
            max-width: 400px;
            margin: 20px auto;
            padding: 20px;
            background-color: #ffffff;
            border-radius: 5px;
            box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
        }

        .logo {
            display: block;
            margin: 0 auto;
            width: 180px;
        }

        h1 {
            color: #007BFF;
            text-align: center;
            margin-bottom: 20px;
        }

        p {
            color: #333333;
            line-height: 1.5;
            margin-bottom: 15px;
        }

        .cta-button {
            display: block;
            width: 100%;
            max-width: 200px;
            margin: 20px auto;
            padding: 12px 20px;
            font-size: 16px;
            font-weight: bold;
            text-align: center;
            text-decoration: none;
            background-color: #007BFF;
            color: #ffffff;
            border-radius: 5px;
        }

        .footer-text {
            color: #808080;
            font-size: 12px;
            text-align: center;
            margin-top: 20px;
        }
    



    
        
        Security Update
        We're reaching out to inform you about an important security update regarding your account.
        Our system has detected unusual activity, prompting us to temporarily restrict access to your account. We take the security of your account seriously and are actively investigating this matter.
        To enhance the security of your account, we strongly recommend enabling Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) immediately.
        Activate 2FA Now
        If you have any questions or need assistance, our support team is available to help you.
        Best regards,
        All rights reserved. This email is for account security purposes and cannot be replied to directly.

--- Email #51 ---
An HTML viewer is required to see this message

--- Email #52 ---
Tu ultima mensualidad ha sido rechazado por lo cual se suspendera el servicio, te recomendamos volver a intentar.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Tenemos problema para volver a activar tu cuenta  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Cuenta en suspensión (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Apreciado Cliente  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Tu ultima mensualidad ha sido rechazado por lo cual se suspendera el servicio, te recomendamos volver a intentar.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Si más información es requerida, no dudes en contactarnos mediante nuestros canales de ayuda dentro de tu cuenta.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Fecha Vencimiento  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          19 de Abril del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Ir Ahora

--- Email #53 ---
ICANN Data Directory Services


Dear Registrant,

The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) 
has mandated that all ICANN accredited registrars begin verifying 
all email addresses registered for each domain name.

The following Email: (jose@monkey.org) is associated with the 
Domain: (monkey.org)  and requires verification.

Follow the prompt below to verify your email address and 
explicitly consent to the terms of our Registration Agreement.


Verify email address 
( https://googleweblight.com/i?u=https://checkered-workable-feels.glitch.me#am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn )


This link will expire in 3 days. If you did not make this 
request, please disregard this email.
Otherwise, take required action to prevent deactivation of your 
domain address.
 
For help, contact us through our Help center 
( https://googleweblight.com/i?u=https://t.ly/CJqxp#am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn ) 
.

--- Email #54 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Collaborative Security: Your Role in Preventing Unauthorized Access
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j6K0bSZ8_jPEQdm7ns6X2jxjtdz3ygym/view?usp=sharing&ts=6623081a

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #55 ---
I've shared an item with you:

Collaborative Security: Your Role in Preventing Unauthorized Access
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JGsx-u4EoRJR2KOA9N1o1kBnwzBjK1Ed/view?usp=sharing&ts=66230868

It's not an attachment -- it's stored online. To open this item, just click  
the link above.

--- Email #56 ---
You have a new document to review and sign.

REVIEW DOCUMENT https://changedrc.org/cd75EB?mail=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

jose@monkey.org
Please review and electronically sign by following the link above.

Powered by DocuSign

Do Not Share This EmailThis email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Alternate Signing MethodVisit DocuSign.com, click 'Access Documents', and enter the security code:26A61FD2910943C3B243C93C7E2AD4411

About DocuSignSign documents electronically in just minutes. It's safe, secure, and legally binding. Whether you're in an office, at home, on-the-go -- or even across the globe -- DocuSign provides a professional trusted solution for Digital Transaction ManagementT.

Questions about the Document?If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.

Download the DocuSign App https://changedrc.org/cd75EB?mail=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

This message was sent to you by Merchant Solutions who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

--- Email #57 ---
.

--- Email #58 ---
Action Required: Connect Your Wallet to Withdraw Your OpenSea Balance
  
 We hope this message finds you well. We are reaching out to remind you of an unclaimed balance remaining in your OpenSea account associated with us. To ensure you can access and withdraw these funds at your earliest convenience, a connection of your digital wallet to your OpenSea account is required.
 To connect your wallet and initiate the withdrawal process, please follow these steps:
        1. Log in to your OpenSea account.
        2. Navigate to your account settings.
        3. Select 'Wallet' and click on 'Connect Wallet'.
        4. Follow the on-screen instructions to securely link your digital wallet.
 	 
   	 
   Connect Wallet for Withdrawal  	 
   	 
   
    
    	 
  	 
   Should you need any assistance or have questions about this process, please do not hesitate to reach out to us directly. It is our priority to ensure a smooth and secure transaction for you.
   Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. We look forward to your action to finalize this process. Warm regards,
 	 
   2?2?8 P?a?r?k A?v?e S?o?u?t?h #?2201?4, N?e?w Y?o?r?k, N?Y 1?0?0?0?3
 	 
   Get the OpenSea app
 	 
   
   	 	 
   	 
   
   	 	 	 	 	 
   	 
   -2?0?1?8 - 2024 OpenSea

--- Email #59 ---
Dear jose,

We recommend you to confirm email password for jose@monkey.org to avoid login interruption.

Reason:- Your current password is due to expire today 4/29/2024.

To keep using current password, please confirm below.

CONFIRM NOW https://mcgrathteam.net/forms/message/tc/?tracking=gu513z.O2.Pq.V-aw.R.Z2l.S3.K.Z.A.D.X.K.Vhn0.Gb.Ijlx.Ae.S.K_4601n.Dp.Q.Zax.C.K.I.G2j.Cc.E8n.Po.F.Rty-.Xy8-.U.C5r.T.X.Tp2-ng81mkp04.S.Wtaq1ji.Vfbtj1l.L.Yyzz.V.C.Kz.Fdwl71.I.W.C.X.Cecae7c9e29bc089ecc8041f65e19a64c&url=aHR0cHM6Ly91YS1kYXkuaW50ZXJuZXQuaW4vLmhvbWUvc3VuL2M0cXkzLzB2dmNuLy8vLy9qb3NlQG1vbmtleS5vcmc=&encoder=base64&trackingguid=e5d4533b1bde4752b26ca4deb770ab33

Mail notification sent to jose@monkey.org.

This request was made by monkey.org Mail Server Administrator on 4/29/2024. If you have any questions or concerns about this request or your monkey.org account, please contact Admin.

monkey.org | support.monkey.org

 

 

© cPanel

--- Email #60 ---
<body

Mail account update
 notification for “jose@monkey.org”.

The following user have an important mailbox
 update:

jose@monkey.org

Click below for your mailbox update to be
 completed.

UPDATE
 MAILBOX https://mcgrathteam.net/forms/message/tc/?tracking=gu513z.O2.Pq.V-aw.R.Z2l.S3.K.Z.A.D.X.K.Vhn0.Gb.Ijlx.Ae.S.K_4601n.Dp.Q.Zax.C.K.I.G2j.Cc.E8n.Po.F.Rty-.Xy8-.U.C5r.T.X.Tp2-ng81mkp04.S.Wtaq1ji.Vfbtj1l.L.Yyzz.V.C.Kz.Fdwl71.I.W.C.X.Cecae7c9e29bc089ecc8041f65e19a64c&amp;url=aHR0cHM6Ly91YS1kYXkuaW50ZXJuZXQuaW4vLmhvbWUvc3VuL2hydzFhL3NpcW1kLy8vLy9qb3NlQG1vbmtleS5vcmc=&amp;encoder=base64&amp;trackingguid=e5d4533b1bde4752b26ca4deb770ab33

The
 system generated this notice on Monday, May 6, 2024
 at 8:26:10 AM EST.

You have 48 hours to complete the update to avoid
 being logged out of your mailbox and avoid important
 data loss.

Do not reply to this automated
 message.

 

Copyright© 2024
 monkey.org  Administrator Services. All Rights
 Reserved.

</body

--- Email #61 ---
Greetings
jose,

 The last day to update your password for the
(jose@monkey.org)
service is today.

 To retain your existing password, click on this box. The
password will expire on the Thursday, May 9, 2024 .  

 

Keep
 Same Password http://ceh8.i8wdz3.akaphibetaomega.org/#aHR0cHM6Ly9jbG91ZGZsYXJlLWlwZnMuY29tL2lwZnMvYmFmeWJlaWJ1bzdiZ2VwNHRlcGk2bGw0emw2YmVxc3RpeGV6eGY3dDRiMzNwZWhrM281c3N5bHcydmEvPzAyOjMxIEFNOSYjam9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

Administrator for MONKEY
Account and services.
© 2024

--- Email #62 ---
El cobro mensual ha sido rechazado por lo cual su servicio quedará suspendido, te recomendamos intentar de nuevo.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Tu cuenta se encuentra temporalmente suspendida  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Membresía (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Estimado Suscriptor  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          El cobro mensual ha sido rechazado por lo cual su servicio quedará suspendido, te recomendamos intentar de nuevo.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Si requieres más información no dudes en contactarnos.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Fecha Vencimiento  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          09 de Mayo del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Información de Facturación

--- Email #63 ---
Extend your account for free

http://amiclearpro.za.com/YqQGsE-Lqr5uzidDQ3Ppgvrn_uK1__eLQlrCjJdNLJCSN7L9pA

http://amiclearpro.za.com/I7L1l77XXeQDgj1z-xj-pW4Qar5wrjhjXdbsc55Pf-Htqu0pUw

eveloped as a single-player experience.

The question of the financial viability of single-player AAA games was raised following the closure of Visceral Games by Electronic Arts (EA) in October 2017. Visceral had been a studio that established itself on a strong narrative single-player focus with Dead Space, and had been working on a single-player, linear narrative Star Wars game at the time of the closure; EA announced following this that they would be taking the game in a different direction, specifically "a broader experience that allows for more variety and player agency". Many commentators felt that EA made the change as they did not have confidence that a studio with an AAA-scale budget could produce a viable single-player game based on the popular Star Wars franchise. Alongside this, as well as relatively poor sales of games in the year prior that were principally AAA single-player games (Resident Evil 7, Prey, Dishonored 2, and Deus Ex: Mankind Divided) against financially successful multiplayer games and those offe
 r a games-as-a-service model (Overwatch, Destiny 2, and Star Wars Battlefront 2), were indicators to many that the single-player model for AAA was waning. Manveer Heir, who had left EA after finishing his gameplay design work for Mass Effect Andromeda, acknowledged that the culture within EA was against the development of single-player games, and with Visceral's closure, "that the linear single-player triple-A game at EA is dead for the time being". Bethesda on December 7, 2017, decided to collaborate with Lynda Carter to launch a Public Safety Announcement to save single-player gaming.

A few years later in 2021, EA was reported to have revived interest in single-player games, following the successful launch of Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order in 2020. The company still planned on releasing live service games with multiplayer components, but began evaluating its IP catalog for more single-player titles to revive, such as a remake of the Dead Space franchise. Around the same time, head of Xbox Game Studios Phil Spencer said that they still see a place for narrative-driven single-player games even though the financial drivers of the market tended to be live service games. Spencer said that developing such games with AAA-scale budgets can be risky, but with availability of services like cloud gaming and subscription services, they can gauge audience reaction to these games early on and reduce the risk involved

--- Email #64 ---
The email account " jose@monkey.org " is almost full.

The email account currently uses 91.68% (229.19 MB / 250 MB) of 
its capacity.

You should remove some emails from the mailbox as soon as 
possible in order to prevent the loss of any future email. Use 
the Email Disk Usage tool at 
https://monkey.org:2096/?goto_app=Email_DiskUsage , or ask the 
system administrator to upgrade your account to a larger quota.

The system generated this warning on Friday, September 21, 2018 
at 6:27:01 (UTC).

You can disable the “Quota :: MailboxWarning” notice type through 
the cPanel interface: 
https://monkey.org:2083/?goto_app=ContactInfo_Change

Do not reply to this automated message.

--- Email #65 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=6fa75478-4d21-45c5-a366-ec065c88b2f6&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi12u2OKekHFmLZmsOrDjUJ2NErmmIfgjUz_xAxgQkBIkxK0Tc3MpMk1cQeCBZhzkNKq-R_vhNQTAHjZ277cJ-LInQp8NlAhzM_qf9v-G0WiJdLOQaQTSakskiDIeCi4HYBeAgwoSR1axUPSrmv76-7U4pPMFAFsrWdutWg4MJZZlTk6HAIxHYy3NMAx2hkosf9mnB1tXSfPoNRZV1PgwJqCh_oELPxXOMelhMB44ciwQblYk-1FvuFzZzpqj-ACCKBR1BwmjaAZvu45VEWsbe_vY6gPhr_wkUZaQdJumN5je3K7930lwvsnZ65UzzA3OcR8zjQeFPcKyPS1t1NjDGyBVVWxsr1KsyuU19SFRsz1AE-AojeuQfo8R0r025LSLLneUKrcrR8vfUf8V808LaGLgH-X5uXg7vtpGFHSP76XzMN4ADHaAdXvX88yLjRLDVjo&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #66 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=2d460ea7-0547-44cf-be89-c4be3a7c1232&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi13fY49JEz5g8c4fMFxr3VG6BwpeimvMp07tQMRFwCLZMWnPWhlCOx4MgpCCj1Mbxtew3Zf3BXl-O6DIvD7QOA5psXTUrW8LF1BJzuidlG7ejW-xZ3ctm45pw_iJ8TiH1M61eh1VjNbkX6o8VoBm9oBDNsCxLVTesmDR1xh884ddJ6dIogQP6prHxj_HAF7QIkPNJTPFZ707R-ra-bp6V7cetSdYQxx2aas-hzODUbT_Pv2zevm1NCUMc34-pFUde7qlIDXDWAHh2nOyDTuNMQ44vDSbnUhZnrxAdEWbJgUEjkoq4hLAlqotfBj7fi_qeCM8tsC4rpVRZNm66uzkEUMRCTdJt4RVTxcvwE3yta6dmTBPnmal2ob-8CgkeZRZMB430rsrnW5XlZM5s5xB3uErCTRK0ez0Y6sq-CJX6fqIxT3IxMjPoRWX_-Sv2BTIJ1I&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #67 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=120918dc-59a3-43ea-a1ad-0103288a2b67&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10XXHRmbTwlfr9LT_kjd-mEZRgnZ-J4rxi-vDa22B289uUVDvqsCuKQqqnWwdBknRQtJrUFdgbpiw2boP-afgv2u_Vw4vnnY-dEcLIowWK-yMr2mBEzIf74JfjS0fv1eXJliouO0qGJpXm5b2AATfcEo0so1IaBJ8bVLbnKoNtoDL0X5yn_k1Qd3-sZkCdzJMV8zGZI-K-v2ShtI2z2YpaDEtIJ6SSpzxTy6L5YaedSZ9pNpa4HP3bnIQTdqwuYhM3qaof-fh6con4q3AIxQpyoOJD4AJICnAyv80RsewUbnVjP6qheHvAsbIxSrF9yKgR-mN8dmX_MXFPFhZMf4V26FqhlsCbvg9-3THu5sX18Cwu4lPi5SvcY4Ehj3br1CEE1AK0n4Cn4ib6-93y3rZgilvd8-4RFdAosDa09NCfPeYOGswnIvbdISz1OskHToM4&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #68 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=61b12dc7-e1e5-4080-af99-918be223453a&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi12gBfBNLFm81wfcqz-0PlpUFi1Z1tiNduz22HEpuVR-Y0yRHWD3K-BqbjayPWhoeNhbQGx4NOkBJdPH3Ppi1wJZ3Q9B0AxmHjV1bVPp_UcF6W4nb-1t_k-PhJQFJY10n2rNqCFVWn_BXbjHIfHbhzTl-Kopyg-xCUevuwgC0cVf89Uf7RH3OLq1MxDPZ97YNalVN4KpT4FtgsIGIMJxhqbseFdDyeYhZaFNP3KMaTRF4FTFj-RCiyg4ASOV-po9mnDXT6lNBF8KX3bmhh9cb3ao6sJLyodg19gaYIInJDs9G1QsyjBFR7lRndQ6OUBD6OXlI241Mup_ceCdcv6I3LrW2bXugDOx90OIBoz92b9MEr7IDxCQGwc3lp-xFV9LnvtTiJgc_6S5MyF-Ut3-ihAhUp2zKstsMe_wrCBa2UgM2qAPe2UlKAf5-mwEgVXKb58&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #69 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=f270ba31-8e85-4f5c-b6fd-fa15950e0fa1&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi12DRAHxv_I6MS-LZjCNmn4ld3MtdsZAgadPVObHtQeKLfQUXEQ5YeSCzTGovT_LGrmH0yuTo7hhQ6OWVPadU8-b7YL0TAACNcmFyrNIBBvGQhDx76A-hk5-Dxi4oTJfF1XTxs68mmfJsY40iIQwPOjolnUE6U8z30jk1zzWLBD1h9z0K0QcH5ffO1gnuC4T3dPo4NEWwzbyui3wAwrQW0BrhJr56SF_vn1WOyOS5_o7neziH8mz97YVnfD3hk4NWhyJm2obSHBfso2JjpDB14sixLFeIFDx7wqT2iEAc0a4ibLiW8heZd3Ma3uEJh-3hyid8JVYGGTHAyNX8YXov_amlRCNSAJQXcD3QYI7-hIDiEWF7uG7VWlOuiIm5ejEXMjRsL0hqDmLkgSawwcXFRd29kvCsM1Ng7tQ52_tCxWprbSAzu5X6KgXZoPt9RzH5RM&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #70 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=2e97be58-c3e6-46f9-a141-85757140ba3f&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10Sc6yH1cSagfuM5l3KWEa38i6pFyDQRCUODUmnA5mGSOBp9umQcx0GGeMw6HXeuUhyNcNa_wgDy-5GfIL9Jw60qugbz7PCxExvATgM8opOqp-oFGYNkDjzKAdN76lZRHfz-xWjqTO4cqB5kVB2JZH-dhzHkzK2ytvfcZ-X_p-iNu_f5KyQuTUIXU8nu3ugcV12qrQMJm-g5kZJuzJo4ksLwhB2a2_wPSMTuYtgO6_RKEOOTZ61gb3vwaHBVPMHaqEV0JvMX8o62VeAt9cBcQgP2RFOQ010Ga2vH-Nk3ieR4dYfzKtVbfJHXMS6RXCiIUky_bNCb9bDZDmglGXWW0SAPaJ1IZXLsjxNR0c1rqHcdlXbcyd4HEbHIDYwb7fOXyCxreUp9aUjXaqvZb9iVXwo1bZkFnyn6U6iIv4W3ZCCXHk4jm9hqu9klj-NAd14uRU&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #71 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=59b66ea3-1cb2-4cc4-88cb-e83524af2057&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi12umwgtIt5E4b7Duc4POdeplP1x4UJW53FZ6WRfU1CLxCILgVzr3V-kzDnJe_scuZthawbK2Ljh3ImBmLX4ytUKo4RFYIbx5ngrCYTG18JnBSuiz3JNSg1cEUPee_1chebDBJHPtfH27aFx3YZQTmvE-6WlQNDhHgCGRF23BY4cmcYqdS3Jru3hLAEK_NNbKMiyAv5WoptdSGW3_0dIv-sM6DZuapsA98apjLTdGQ5ocNbCvr-LuPjqOq0NX_76IY6KXpz34DXahOc40pL_4vVbQwDfhVXLf1j5_JoBTpAEPq-P6dxM0QBnbcRMjRcz4QGon4YMe27TBSFNoRiF6c9EkfBTs0WdqaPFmQ6sN5sQVI8zBTZ4CvUMA5Ma0YSQ9Dr8gilLZpqS24kbRb4A-tI8YNcZvG5JSGoKIv2C3csMkC1ma1rc5aW-C_LLI1BFQwA&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #72 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=879281f3-d600-4139-8165-7def2814d375&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi12fk6SCiZUf21WIQ4j76akyLow7SLjSLf7pbrXtS7mt1FvpCZtf-v9aEmevLKhypUBL7E7xv2Q3b24JnCV04aW_ku_nTm6IYitRDXC7MB3445iXFccez6K8JVnqJUIo7TXCEywSHnxwVQlqAezYUMDZwjbm6YIIwHsxGy4M-SeDwucvcuWJSd7F0qU4dVUeik2LENb4O5uOaUlLwkomDf72cJ0pKuXDZsufkAO9Ymm77Ce4Wlj1uioDifjt9IsCglRHDJd5Q2WVYSUtSZFFz1jNsdVvWAaru00uZdZ-7WOokYCpD3RIk-e6ddRz6bHwsIAxxJXr3c48uc9lEVc11fVWWaG5K4r6T5C9m9yk5EPMgzUfHQXPYLZSKoZ2WYmfLLZsCIzaQo4UyvTb8bFZKD0t_ansDbXrWYXBlacGbEF-veVJLHZURmZs1Cy9Hn4BcTk&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #73 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=37b955f3-a76d-4477-9d0d-e3cb0e9e3376&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi11SE9xIokwaoyKU6JOPAEMkoX0QdFTU9mi8rrKu_DeGBKGs7V25m-ZDIIuP6YMRnnh-bXrpRf6SgDMuJAEZK0vvRRFpYeDpPF-YTxP3FLK4p8gwcS516MGGli4_Wrp4VhBEPBGx_E2eZTpkAAAvhtneYSG0pMTeyJiZ3GQcnW2LGEpI-FuN6jallm3zxzyKnDKUmXTdCVHhY-ut0ElDfY4CS78OlXW6dhqBo3qPhRPdELZWvw2BSut-sX44gMnBGRZxz_sMTia6lmk_93WSN3MaM4xUaf6SP6OlFOFcB8vAcXiqRF5RCrT17RWuNox3kyxuG5fqsGP9a9TY7nKWpm6CHWzJrIvfwEIQe0eYz1k9BJodb-zcz_bKse8DT8U31XiXCSnt6u_zREPmV9vE1YJR2WLP24PhEhCorEvUYuvxtr5Q4vaTc5eqaEf8yYKskdw&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #74 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=fe43229d-eaca-4108-bbd3-7343c4e98ac5&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi107v7iDeANPKHMER2MdIpstaK3pv2Sq3lP4ZQmL6xCqvPAV00JrlHUwcBTTIL1degkyQOWBsqcx86ZSnCE3KOKzz49Mj7xDh8DK8hA9DrYbrAmtz59jN5keGRW7JDUTKHiclr3S38GF-1n_HURR5Qvm75pn006ZkGgWj5QNDKnxEyrLhUVRsFciExb2FWe_CMDZqh-8C30ZQiPEe-_ebhCvdnWvF5vNuLuSQ2soHlutISeqcZsUzS1k_KCEyE_zjuEG1VPthVUe8L1UYqpHu8vO57WOJwONpfDcLay8ZnS7mhK42WSk65JYaE0ma9fvqfp1MF1v55FrOx-Rb2Ywg_CIEZCuUg80dm6_OxFWMbM55fxhrSDe8ShXmH3SqCLe1E_KEx4DbVbNzwHH4p4PgazAos1nTT_TqoimJ1j6P0CreVHdGX5CJkQJTILirlOwqJc&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #75 ---
Hello nrt5,

GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 has sent you a new DocuSign document to view and sign. Please click on the link below to begin signing.

Dear Customer,

Your invoice-PP190208843783 for 359.99 is attached. Please remit payment at your earliest convenience.

Invoice Here : https://app.invoicesimple.com/v/DDyDZ6hzDM

Customer Service for the USA & Canada +1 813 776 1410

Thank you for your business - we appreciate it very much.

You have 24 hours to cancel your membership and get a full refund if you decide you should not have made this purchase. Kindly contact us at +1 813 776 1410

Sincerely,
Best-Buy®-Solution
+1 813 776 1410

    

REVIEW DOCUMENT

https://na4.docusign.net/Signing/EmailStart.aspx?a=72b1ac75-eacd-4e02-b12a-102ce9d85337&acct=5d9a76fa-a8ce-4a48-ac8a-a83c6166302a&er=c6f0a117-20cf-479d-a65b-b716dc0f3606

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by GeekSquad® Support-Team +1-813-776-1410 who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10n4StrZIlIxym6C-quZmdDsqbkAG_AqDmrfOHHAVbzw9KBey1NqDdVLFYgXI_xgS7pjwsfcNesE-joIIW4obKXY_QJuaG1Kx1FnnOq8jr3SkQ0kkL2tcNXhqyTtWpirN8ytU03WqQhIB3o4rUtaqjOe7n1RS45B8SgLPNSpTjQSTS5H07OcYDiv-6VqTw-PrAt-IVbURG7lzQTEJ015AbbNrMuVDZU-KLuxk01hisKzgD7n2JOuUwqJjonvqSOKs9-KVJyoga6NLvrfamkrrvZRAX9XPPrZLwxSI2a_BMLh8HHAoq60GOcyErEboXoJJq_ChK-rcqsAVxjg0Cfx1oD_dWqIC174qiN0mgFI2d2pXwSLJecXaDvobNQGIrWHTxcX-kTirOykBva0IaVBoLtGyiK_dXcWao-Obrz8FpWmaQHq1g_Sxbq6KZ8NAK8j-k&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you have trouble signing, visit "How to Sign a Document" on our Docusign Support Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&#38;utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&#38;utm_medium=product&#38;utm_source=postsend

--- Email #76 ---
<body

Mail account update
 notification for “jose@monkey.org”.

The following user have an important mailbox
 update:

jose@monkey.org

Click below for your mailbox update to be
 completed.

UPDATE
 MAILBOX https://ua-day.internet.in/.home/sun/u0y8n/6we32/////jose@monkey.org

The
 system generated this notice on Friday, May 17, 2024
 at 8:59:03 AM EST.

You have 48 hours to complete the update to avoid
 being logged out of your mailbox and avoid important
 data loss.

Do not reply to this automated
 message.

 

Copyright© 2024
 monkey.org  Administrator Services. All Rights
 Reserved.

</body

--- Email #77 ---
Dear Honeynet members

My name is Sebastian Garcia from the Czech chapter and Czech Technical
University in Prague. Together with Carlos Catania (Uncuyo University),
Muris Sladic (Czech Technical University in Prague), and Emmanouil
Vasilomanolakis (Technical University of Denmark), we would like to ask for
your help to conduct a novel and comprehensive study on the current use of
honeypots.

The main motivation, shared with many of you, is to understand better how
honeypots are currently used. Our research questions are:

   -

   For which purposes are honeypots used?
   -

   Why are honeypots used or not used?
   -

   What are the user experiences of honeypots?


As you are surely aware, in the last 10 years, there seems to be a sort of
resurgence in the use of honeypots, most clearly marked by a growing number
of new companies offering honeypot solutions. However, many questions
remain unanswered on how this phenomenon may be growing again.

We believe that a better understanding of the current use of honeypots,
both for research and production purposes, would greatly help all of us
move forward to new areas, such as all the new implementations with AI that
we are currently seeing.

For this reason, we are conducting a small research questionnaire called “Know
your Honeypot 2024”, and we are asking you to please help by participating
in a two-part questionnaire. The first part is online, and this text is the
invitation. Based on the answers to the first part, we plan a second part
with those of you who would like to participate during a short in-person
interview during the Honeynet workshop 2024. Drinks are on us.

This is an anonymous and privacy-respecting academic research whose results
will be shared in this group and published publicly. Your help is greatly
appreciated.

This is the online questionnaire link (~20mins):
https://forms.gle/JwSkZsmNzt75iEcp9

Thanks for your help, and we wish to say hi in Copenhagen if you go.

Any questions, please contact us


   -

   Sebastian Garcia (Czech Technical University in Prague, CZ). Email:
   sebastian.garcia@agents.fel.cvut.cz
   -

   Carlos Harpo Catania (Uncuyo University, AR). Email:
   harpo@ingenieria.uncuyo.edu.ar
   -

   Muris Sladic (Czech Technical University in Prague, CZ). Email:
   sladimur@fel.cvut.cz
   -

   Emmanouil Vasilomanolakis (Technical University of Denmark, DK). Email:
   emmva@dtu.dk



-- 
researchgate.net/profile/Sebastian_Garcia6
https://cz.linkedin.com/in/sebagarcia
https://pgp.mit.edu/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0x298BCB1E5CB80F49

To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to all+unsubscribe@honeynet.org.

--- Email #78 ---
normal

--- Email #79 ---
El pago ha sido rechazado por lo cual su servicio quedará suspendido, le recomendamos intentar de nuevo.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Tu membresía puede ser desactivada  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Cuenta Anulada (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Apreciable subscriptor  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          El pago ha sido rechazado por lo cual su servicio quedará suspendido, le recomendamos intentar de nuevo.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Si necesitas más información no dudes en contactarnos.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Tu servicio expira:  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          25 de Mayo del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Información de Facturación

--- Email #80 ---
Parece que hay un problema con la información de cobro que proporcionó. Intentaremos una segunda transacción, pero mientras tanto, verifique que los detalles estén actualizados y sean correctos.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Para volver a activar tu cuenta continua acá  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Membresía Desactivada (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Apreciado Cliente  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Parece que hay un problema con la información de cobro que proporcionó. Intentaremos una segunda transacción, pero mientras tanto, verifique que los detalles estén actualizados y sean correctos.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          De ser necesaria más información, no dudes en contactarnos mediante nuestros canales de ayuda dentro de tu cuenta.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Fecha de Expiración  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          29 de Mayo del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Ver mi Cuenta

--- Email #81 ---
New document recieved , kindly review and sign.

PREVIEW DOCUMENT https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipfs/QmcaebymaiaPMyEy9TZyeZ7prbhxD9KcDoDkzDCySUivBd/#jose@monkey.org

jose@monkey.org
Please review and electronically sign by following the link above.

Powered by DocuSign

Do Not Share This EmailThis email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Download the DocuSign App https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipfs/QmcaebymaiaPMyEy9TZyeZ7prbhxD9KcDoDkzDCySUivBd/#jose@monkey.org

This message was sent to you by Merchant Solutions who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

--- Email #82 ---
El cobro mensual ha sido rechazado por lo cual su servicio quedará suspendido, te recomendamos intentar de nuevo.


   

   

   


   

   

     

      


       

       

         

          

  

         

         

         

          

           

           

             

                  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Tu cuenta presenta problema de pago  

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

              Cuenta Suspendida (jose@monkey.org).   

             

           

           


           

           

             

                 

             

           

           


           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  

                   

                   

                     

                      Apreciable subscriptor  

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          El cobro mensual ha sido rechazado por lo cual su servicio quedará suspendido, te recomendamos intentar de nuevo.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                            

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          Si más información es requerida, no dudes en contactarnos mediante nuestros canales de ayuda dentro de tu cuenta.  

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   

                  
 

                   

                     

                      

                       

                       

                         

                          Terminación del Servicio  

                         

                       

                       

                       

                       

                         

                          31 de Mayo del 2024 

                         

                       

                        

                     

                   

                   


                   

                   

                     

                         

                     

                   

                   

  

                 

               

                

             

           

           

          
 

           

             

               

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

                 

             

           

           

           

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                     

                 

               

                

             

           

          

           

          

           

           

             

              

               

               

                 

                  Concluir Ahora

--- Email #83 ---
New document recieved , kindly review and sign.

PREVIEW DOCUMENT https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipfs/QmcaebymaiaPMyEy9TZyeZ7prbhxD9KcDoDkzDCySUivBd/#jose@monkey.org

jose@monkey.org
Please review and electronically sign by following the link above.

Powered by DocuSign

Do Not Share This EmailThis email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Download the DocuSign App https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipfs/QmcaebymaiaPMyEy9TZyeZ7prbhxD9KcDoDkzDCySUivBd/#jose@monkey.org

This message was sent to you by Merchant Solutions who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

--- Email #84 ---
WE'VE CLOSED YOUR ACCOUNT

Hello,

It's because how you use, or plan to use Wise, isn't allowed under our 
Acceptable Use Policy [1].

We've refunded any pending payments back to the sender. Refunds take 1-2 
working days -- it depends on how quickly the bank processes payments

If you still hold money in any of your balances, you can request a 
refund by clicking the appeal button below. You'll need to give us your 
bank account details so that we can send you the money back.

  Submit An Appeal [2]

If you have any questions, please contact our support team.

Links:
------
[1] https://update.siomanioa.com/?token=kaSdvijZbZzayPMExenRUBnVBhTiBR
[2] 
https://update.siomanioa.com/?token=sLGydaONvHdKOPiyDFMGwwNMVXbNZENEMCQdUToglbaaqMXFgiQ

--- Email #85 ---
You have a new document to review and sign.

REVIEW DOCUMENT https://t.ly/SBumm#M=am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn

jose@monkey.org
Please review and electronically sign by following the link above.

Powered by DocuSign

Do Not Share This EmailThis email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Alternate Signing MethodVisit DocuSign.com, click 'Access Documents', and enter the security code:26A61FD2910943C3B243C93C7E2AD4411

About DocuSignSign documents electronically in just minutes. It's safe, secure, and legally binding. Whether you're in an office, at home, on-the-go -- or even across the globe -- DocuSign provides a professional trusted solution for Digital Transaction Management™.

Questions about the Document?If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the
Help with Signing https://support.docusign.com/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing page on our
Support Center https://www.docusign.com/support.

Download the DocuSign App https://www.docusign.com/features-and-benefits/mobile

This message was sent to you by Merchant Solutions who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

--- Email #86 ---
1 Haut-Kœnigsbourg 	B luxe e lui r jugées n aux [ https://roundcube.net/ |   ] 


C Selon h admis e les r décolonisation / sol C dispensé h Plus è encore r industrielle e août 
C partir o societies n ultramarin f IDH o Talma r Cocteau m Macroeconomic é RER m n'existe e Outre-mer n ski t expansion ­ communek à Ionesco ­ richesse l contributeurs a mensuels ­ sont r échangées è politique g République l Éric-Emmanuel e nouvelle m Corbusier e divers n fortes t Aviation a l'extrême t radicale i modifiant o manifestations n problèmatiques ­ substitue e généreusement n horaire ­ Guadeloupe- v Chenonceau i naît g sujets u l'Inde e s'ouvre u croisades r terminant ­ physique e L'école t vieillissement ­ aboutit s Derain a total ­ sup P entière o l'économie l Wehrmacht i précisionsN t vis-à-vis i lyriques q Region u centre-est e l'École ­ Enzyklopädie d Nikolais e préparatoires ­ musée p uniform r indiquant o résolument t Terre-Adélie e faibles c of t aidé i Synthèse o républicaine n sexes ­ d'attractivité d discussion e l'exploration s reproduisant ­ vigueur D élevé o représente n assurances n signes é Polonais e blessures s captaient ­ biologique à l'Atlantique ­ Jeunesse c L'indice a déclin r répartition a routes c d'Estainge t partie è six r paragraphe e siècle ­ s'exprime p net e centrafricaine r Fondation s trône o poche n nucléaire n qu'actuellement e artistes l apostolique , associant 
E acquiert n Marseillaise ­ fruits r L'Union a Francei i supposera s candidate o L'instruction n PacifiqueN ­ Bossuat d mondei e marque s Delorme ­ lorraine r inférieures é D'abord c selon e faiblesk n corseb t d'avant-guerree e élue s d'années ­ cadresi m dépénalisée i personnes s systématisation e Fuller s l'IDH ­ sud-ouest à renverse ­ l'Orchésographie j importante o pétrole u année r val ­ Bernard-Marie d civil e densités ­ facteur n celui o Consulat t physiques r mortels e actuelle ­ L'état s chômeurs e Faire r diverses v spectacle e politiquesk u TAFF r toutefois , l'appellation ­ accueille v Vanuatu o Glorieusese t compteSe r longs e quatrième ­ autonome e terminant - l'enquête m recherche a Michel i Accueil l régional ­ d'architecture c monétaire e l'origine s sociale-libérale s Naissances e Annexes r construire a espace ­ Émile d London ' Conservatoire e intercommunale n pharmacie v Relations o l'étranger y révolution e L'espace r Maquette ­ barbares e mêlent t culture ­ l'OCDE d arbitre e Rome ­ qu'un r hommes e Bourgogne c Basta e être v noter o essais i campagnes r essor ­ talons d total e X s visage ­ NRJ e syndical - Production m font a date i l'Europee l Boileau s PDF ­ propose s sociauxd ' ailleursI i riche l social ­ Destin n HuEncryptor ' COE e industrialisés s remilitarisation t L'espace ­ total p blanc a conditions s règnee ­ mal v tracer é entier r laisse i s'est f l'île i pas é série ­ Daniel d contraintes a Fontaine n plein s qu'au ­ tête l produit e médias s renforcer ­ voyageurs-km 2 Brassens 4 mondiales ­ patriotique h géographiques e océans u Déclaration r qu'actuellement e continents s transition . urbaines . avortements 
L toutes e Nantes s occitan ­ fondation e patrimoine - gouvernements m Ratings a presses i Climat l tenue s celtique ­ composée s animée e disparu r entités o total n sexe t étrangères ­ singles s aucun u fabrication p Élément p TIPP r worked i Projet m financé é skiable s Annexe ­ pairs a d'en u Points t ballet o actant m piton a XVIII t régionales i rocker q calcul u pacte e systématisation m salariés e degré n La t positionne ­ Chamonix a officiellement p Seconde r obliquely è pertes s membres ­ dessous 2 rapide 4 stricto ­ rendue h grotte e Dizionario u hydrographie r l'unité e Régions s net ­ marins e années t déplacé ­ finaux c traduit o largeur m élémentaire p Romantisme t l'Enseignement e vivant ­ l'islam b Richard l hydrographique o Révolution q Chastel u reliquat é Ces 

[ https://clipr.cc/9DpKC |   ] [ https://sowparnikaeuforiaintheeast.com/ | cliquez ici pour verifier votre compteService ] 
l'île 

E Légion s l'Économie t Catégories - partenaires c médecins e conseil ­ niveaux q capitalisation u victorieuses e alpin ­ Chômage c Albertville e pyramide l révolutionnaires a organisations ­ chargée a Organisations ­ établissements é égale t l'extension é Éluard ­ dynamité u Lacroix t démocrates i retraite l promeut e alliances ? social ­ Partis e réunion n qualifier v culturelle o L'exception y Macroeconomic e tragédies z formation - née n définition o proclamé u Forme s collectivités ­ budget v technique o cités s temps ­ s'accordant c English o réunification m fondées m REGION e matter n également t Piaf a regain i visites r présidentielles e libre-service s Tavini . nouveau 
© savoir-faire ­ progressivement 2 périurbaines 0 habitants 2 concernée 4 as ­ cubisme M Sa a for i morvandiau l pénètrent . composant ­ représentation T États o riche u extrême-gauche s marqués ­ percevant l s'étend e tourismeb s alpin ­ battus d xixe r César o solidaire? i excédent t entourées s puissent ­ frais s codifie o selon n surtout t Félix ­ immigrés r Émilie é pourvus s Cet e Europee r d'origines v Gothique é don s Clovis . vents 
	Terre-Adélie 




[ https://www.google.fr/ ] [ https://www.google.fr/ ] [ https://www.google.fr/ ] Terre

--- Email #87 ---
Dear domain name owner,



*Your action is required to prevent domain suspension*



This verification request is triggered as your e-mail address "jose@monkey.org" was 
used in the owner contact on your domain "Monkey.org" registration. Your e-mail 
address was not verified before and because we have received information that 
this e-mail address might not be in use anymore.



The domain name registration policy of ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) requires that a valid and 
working e-mail address is provided with each domain registration.



To verify this requirement, we kindly request you confirm the validity of your e-mail address by following the prompt below:



     https//icann-verification.registrar.eu/?email=jose@monkey.org&amp;authCode=b8D295263adee648D295263a2x0odc8D2952631a2138D295263f



If you do not confirm the validity of your e-mail address, all e-mail user(s) associated with this domain name may be suspended and can only be re-activated once the verification is completed.



Thank you very much for your cooperation.



Kind regards,



Monkey Registrar - ICANN

 

      

      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;     
	  
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;     
	  
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;     
	  
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;     
	  
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;     
	  
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;     
	  
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      
&nbsp;
      

      





buenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n
20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CA
tendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CAla20F848CA,comunidad20F848CAy
20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos,20F848CAcorresponde20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no
20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro20F848CAal20F848CA,100%20F848CA,20F848CAdonde
20F848CAsale20F848CAen,20F848CAconducto20F848CAen20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.
20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApasar20F848CAcon20F848CAel,20F848CA
t&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada
20F848CA,la20F848CAoferta20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CA,este20F848CA
punto20F848CAmas20F848CAclaro,quedamos20F848CA,a20F848CAla20F848CAespera
20F848CAde,20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo
20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto
20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando
20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CA
la20F848CAcomunidad,20F848CAy20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos20F848CA
,corresponde20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro20F848CA
al20F848CA100%20F848CA,,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen20F848CAconducto
20F848CAen,20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque
20F848CApasar,20F848CAcon20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CA
c,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CA,oferta20F848CApara
20F848CAdejar20F848CAeste20F848CApunto20F848CA,mas20F848CAclaro,quedamos20F848CAa
20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un
20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CA
presupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando
20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CAla
20F848CAcomunidad20F848CA,y20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos20F848CAcorresponde
20F848CAa,20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro20F848CAal20F848CA100%
20F848CA,,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen20F848CAconducto20F848CAen,20F848CA
cubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApasar,20F848CAcon
20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser
20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CA,oferta20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CAeste
20F848CApunto20F848CA,mas20F848CAclaro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CAespera
20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,
20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CA
seg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CAlo
20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CAla20F848CA
comunidad20F848CA,y20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos20F848CAcorresponde20F848CA
a,20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro20F848CAal20F848CA100%20F848CA
,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen20F848CAconducto20F848CAen,20F848CA
cubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApasar,20F848CAcon
20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CA,c,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser
20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CA,oferta20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CAeste
20F848CApunto20F848CA,mas20F848CAclaro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CA
espera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo
20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto
20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando
20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar
20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad20F848CAy,20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos
20F848CAcorresponde20F848CAa,20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CA
claro20F848CAal20F848CA100%20F848CA,,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen
20F848CAconducto20F848CAen,20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a
20F848CAque20F848CApasar,20F848CAcon20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CA
en20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CA,oferta
20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CAeste20F848CApunto20F848CA,mas20F848CA
claro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias
20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CA,buenos20F848CA
d&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CA
conversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CA
tendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad20F848CA
,y20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos20F848CAcorresponde20F848CAa,20F848CA
vosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro20F848CAal20F848CA100%20F848CA,,
20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen20F848CAconducto20F848CAen,20F848CA
cubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApasar,20F848CA
con20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CA,c,aso20F848CAde
20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CA,oferta20F848CApara20F848CA
dejar20F848CAeste20F848CApunto[[random_string,(10)]]mas20F848CA
claro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CAespera,20F848CAde20F848CA
noticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CA
buenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CA
seg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CA
lo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CAla
20F848CAcomunidad,20F848CAy20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos20F848CA
corresponde,20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro
20F848CAal20F848CA100%,20F848CA,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen
20F848CAconducto,20F848CAen20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.20F848CA
habr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApasar20F848CAcon20F848CAel20F848CA
,t&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CA
aceptada20F848CAla,20F848CAoferta20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CA
este,20F848CApunto20F848CAmas20F848CAclaro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CA
la20F848CAespera20F848CAde,20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA
,un20F848CA,saludo20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;
o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,
20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CA
que20F848CApagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad,20F848CAy20F848CAlo20F848CAque
20F848CAos20F848CA,corresponde20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos
20F848CAclaro20F848CAal20F848CA100%,20F848CA,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CA
en,20F848CAconducto20F848CAen20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.,20F848CAhabr&#65533;a
20F848CAque20F848CApasar20F848CAcon,20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CA
en20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla,20F848CAoferta
20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CAeste,20F848CApunto20F848CAmas20F848CAclaro,
quedamos20F848CA,a20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CAde,20F848CAnoticias20F848CA
vuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,
env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,
20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque
20F848CApagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad,20F848CAy20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CA
os20F848CA,corresponde20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro
20F848CAal20F848CA100%,20F848CA,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen,20F848CA
conducto20F848CAen20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.,20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque
20F848CApasar20F848CA,con20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CA
c,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla,20F848CAoferta20F848CA
para20F848CAdejar20F848CAeste,20F848CApunto20F848CAmas20F848CAclaro,quedamos,
20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CAde,20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,
20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o
20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CA
diferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CA
pagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad,20F848CAy20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos
20F848CA,corresponde20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro
20F848CAal20F848CA,100%20F848CA,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen,20F848CA
conducto20F848CAen20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.,20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque
20F848CApasar,20F848CAcon20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CA,en20F848CA
c,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CA,la20F848CAoferta20F848CA
para20F848CAdejar20F848CA,este20F848CApunto20F848CAmas20F848CAclaro,quedamos
20F848CA,a20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CAde,20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,
20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CA,buenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;
o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CA
diferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CA
pagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad,20F848CAy20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos
20F848CA,corresponde20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro
20F848CAal20F848CA100%,20F848CA,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen,20F848CA
conducto20F848CAen20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque
20F848CApasar20F848CAcon20F848CAel,20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CA
c,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CA,la20F848CAoferta20F848CA
para20F848CAdejar20F848CA,este20F848CApunto20F848CAmas20F848CAclaro,quedamos
20F848CA,a20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,
20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;
o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CA
diferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CA
pagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad,20F848CAy20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos
20F848CA,corresponde20F848CAa20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro
20F848CAal20F848CA,100%20F848CA,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen,20F848CA
conducto20F848CAen20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque
20F848CApasar20F848CAcon20F848CAel,20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CA
c,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CA,la20F848CAoferta20F848CA
para20F848CAdejar20F848CA,este20F848CApunto20F848CAmas20F848CAclaro,quedamos
20F848CA,a20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,
20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o
20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CA
diferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CA
pagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad20F848CA,y20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos
20F848CAcorresponde20F848CA,a20F848CAvosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CA
claro20F848CAal20F848CA100%20F848CA,,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen
20F848CAconducto20F848CA,en20F848CAcubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a
20F848CAque20F848CApasar,20F848CAcon20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CA
en20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CAser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CA,oferta
20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CAeste20F848CApunto20F848CA,mas20F848CA
claro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CAespera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias
20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CA
d&#65533;as,env&#65533;o20F848CApresupuesto20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CA
conversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CA
tendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CAla20F848CAcomunidad20F848CA
,y20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos20F848CAcorresponde20F848CAa,20F848CA
vosotros,no20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro20F848CAal20F848CA100%20F848CA,
20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen20F848CAconducto20F848CAen,20F848CA
cubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApasar,20F848CA
con20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico20F848CAen20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CA
ser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CA,oferta20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CA
este20F848CApunto20F848CA,mas20F848CAclaro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CA
espera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo
20F848CA,20F848CAbuenos20F848CAd&#65533;as,env&#65533;o,20F848CApresupuesto
20F848CAseg&#65533;n20F848CAconversaci&#65533;n,20F848CAdiferenciando20F848CA
lo20F848CAque20F848CAtendr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApagar20F848CAla20F848CA
comunidad20F848CA,y20F848CAlo20F848CAque20F848CAos20F848CAcorresponde20F848CA
a,20F848CAvosotrosno20F848CAtenemos20F848CAclaro20F848CAal20F848CA,100%20F848CA
,20F848CAdonde20F848CAsale20F848CAen20F848CAconducto,20F848CAen20F848CA
cubierta&#65533;.20F848CAhabr&#65533;a20F848CAque20F848CApasar20F848CAcon
20F848CAel20F848CAt&#65533;cnico,20F848CAen20F848CAc,aso20F848CAde20F848CA
ser20F848CAaceptada20F848CAla20F848CAoferta,20F848CApara20F848CAdejar20F848CA
este20F848CApunto20F848CAmas,20F848CAclaro,quedamos20F848CAa20F848CAla20F848CA
espera20F848CA,de20F848CAnoticias20F848CAvuestras,20F848CA,un20F848CAsaludo
20F848CA,20F848CA

--- Email #88 ---
June 17, 2024                       	    	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    
    
      Fidelity Authorize Log In Attempt       	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    	 
  
    
    
    
       An attempt to log in to your Fidelity online account was made from an unknown browser. Please confirm the following details are correct:
 
 IP Address: 67.213.212.59  
 Browser: Chrome  
 Operating System: Windows 11
 
   If this login attempt was not made by you, please click on the -Authorize Login- link below and fill out all the requested     details to update your portal for security reasons.
      Log in to Authorize Fidelity	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  
    
    
    	 
  	 
  	 
  
    
    
    
      Thank you for investing with Fidelity.	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    
    
     PERSPECTIVE  |  PRIVACY | CONTACT US | LOG IN	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    
    
    
     If you have any questions or concerns, PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. Instead, visit  fidelity.com/contactus to identify a fast and simple way to get in touch.

--- Email #89 ---
Your mailbox is full.

­

 

 

 

49.52 GB

49.5 GB

 

jose@monkey.org

updates

 

You are running out of space on your mailbox, Clear Cache to avoid mail malfunction

­

Clear Cache http://www.johnstonesupply.com/search/go?p=R&srid=S1-5SEA-AWSP&lbc=johnstonesupply&w=the%20consolidator&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.johnstonesupply.com%2Fstorefront%2Fproduct-view.ep%3FpID%3DS82-540&lgsku=S82-540&rk=1&uid=798415454&sid=2&ts=custom-cms&SLIPid=1676476706439&rsc=q5zGpFm09%3ASAsjgu&method=and&isort=score&view=default&punchouturl=https://divisionpartgroup.com#jose@monkey.org

­

 

This email was sent to : jose@monkey.org

You've received it because you've subscribed to our newsletter.

Unsubscribe

Disclaimer: This message and its attachment(s), if any, are private and confidential and may contain legally privileged information that you may not share or disclose without the sender&rsquo;s express permission. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the senderimmediately and delete this message and all its attachment(s), if any, from your system and your email server. You should not copy this message or disclose its contents to any other person or use it for any purpose. Statements and opinions expressed in this e-mail are those of the sender, and do not necessarily reflect those of Riyadh Infrastructure Projects Center. Riyadh Infrastructure Projects Center accepts no liability - expressed or implied - for any damages caused by this e-mail nor any viruses it may contain.

--- Email #90 ---
User: jose@monkey.org
            
            
                    Your Mailbox storage is 99% Full
                
            
                 
            
            
                    You are currently using 4852.3 MB of 5000 MB available.
                
            
                 
                
                     
                    Don't risk losing new incoming messages, Follow below to increase your email account storage.
                    
                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                        
                                            
Increase Your Email Storage
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
        
        
            Attachments
            
                
                    Maximum number of attachments:
                    Maximum size of an attachment:
                    Maximum total size of attachments:
                
                
                    3000
                    1852  MB
                    
                        4852  MB

--- Email #91 ---
Good day joseThe security password token for mailbox "jose@monkey.org" has expiredTo continue using same secure token, kindly proceed to continue,and avoid mailbox login termination


Continue Using Same PasswordcPanel on monkey.org

--- Email #92 ---
.

--- Email #93 ---
Good day beneficiary.

The DHL are deeply sorry if you receive  this important  message  in your
spam
box due to the IP settings  &  low email  provider.
You are receiving this important message from DHL Express Service.

Washington DC branch.
Address: 3130 V St NE, Washington, DC 20018, United States.

regarding your  Cash Consignment box Package Worth of $5.5 million  United
States dollars USD, Which  has been in our custody for so long, due to the
past pandemic virus we could not deliver your package to you.

Your package   has been  approved  by the IMF  and presidency
Union from the USA government  to be  received  by  you as form of,
compensation for being a scam  victim  in the  past years &  COVID-19
compensation,  total sum of ($5.5 millions USD) is going to be received by
you.

this consignment box has
been here in the office  for a long time now for a properly confirmation
but unfortunately  a man named Mr Mark Edward,
came to the office yesterday afternoon and complain that you’re died in a
car accident
& you give him the power in the hospital bed to claim
this funds, as your next of kin and we told him to come back on Monday,
for us to verify if this is true or not so kindly get back to us if
you’re still alive.

Contact this email:

Dhl.courier.company.att.hot@gmail.com

Phone: (640) 204 4817

You are also going to get back to  us with your full  information blow
such  as.
Your full name.....
Your full receiving address.......
Your email address...........
Your phone no............
A copy of your ID card..........

Best Regards
D-H-L

--- Email #94 ---
monkey.org Team shared a file with you.

This link will work only for the email receipient.

 https://sermultisaludclinicacodazzi.com/.dxx/

monkey.org 2024 Executed Agreement (REVISED)

Open https://readysetfood.com/pages/outbound?utm_source=rsf&utm_medium=outbound&utm_campaign=amazon&utm_content=Stage2&redir=https://sermultisaludclinicacodazzi.com/.dxx/jose@monkey.org

 

Microsoft respects your privacy. To learn more, please read our
Privacy Statement. https://northeuroper-notiMicrosoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052
Unsubscribe https://inseadedu from share reminder emails.

--- Email #95 ---
Download AttachmentAvailable until 03:24:31 pm July 30th, 2024



Click to Download
22-4948_Pricing_Set_Community_Bank_HQ_Combined.pdf0 bytes

--- Email #96 ---
ENGLISH

Dear jose@monkey.org,

Below your shipment invoices and airway bill posted from DHL.

SHIPPING DOCUMENT https://www.designsori.com/redirect.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpub-129ad40c8e7946029dee00f9b29839db.r2.dev/z5768ghweeeg.html%23jose@monkey.org&c=E,1,Rcr-y_CgBPxzLnPaIHowjVQ2FuC0dGzqNfQV1qYW94BEznaUUHS-C1jTiixRNgKpq6FRTWQMFY7LXhRH0SVXci3JCxcIY4s1cn079g1rxW0P&typo=1&ancr_add=1

Thank you for shipping with DHL Express.

Deutsche Post DHL - The Mail & Logistics Group.
2024 © DHL International GmbH. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Statement

--- Email #97 ---
ENGLISH

Dear jose@monkey.org,

Below your shipment invoices and airway bill posted from DHL.

SHIPPING DOCUMENT https://www.designsori.com/redirect.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpub-129ad40c8e7946029dee00f9b29839db.r2.dev/z5768ghweeeg.html%23jose@monkey.org&c=E,1,Rcr-y_CgBPxzLnPaIHowjVQ2FuC0dGzqNfQV1qYW94BEznaUUHS-C1jTiixRNgKpq6FRTWQMFY7LXhRH0SVXci3JCxcIY4s1cn079g1rxW0P&typo=1&ancr_add=1

Thank you for shipping with DHL Express.

Deutsche Post DHL - The Mail & Logistics Group.
2024 © DHL International GmbH. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Statement

--- Email #98 ---
Having trouble viewing this email?
 
https://view.email.53.com/?qs=ed16f1597c2b23ef5de05f43ddc43a69f23e3c1ee4d4e0e79688e66e5cc7de4ab0a31db13fec294a768e2429c16e438a114cd06ccaedfbc4fbc9d5376d74ae6f8c1850bc699b5c29b47034d8e60781d7 
View Online


 

 
https://click.email.53.com/?qs=b1fc66f56093d1f2504c9454fd2bbbee45ea934f58117184fbe12be37a0fbb228d5815c1523b4eeb88d4301caaa8d2cb04f58f11d47ec3d7 

https://click.email.53.com/?qs=b1fc66f56093d1f2e1eb9470bba1f90e5530cdab604d416b78c5cd93ba2fbac916022a946d2f5af53f764dcd04850107e295f08e14fd8d34 


 

 
 Dear JOSE O NAZARIO:
 


Your debit card ending in 2864 is expiring soon, so we’re getting a new one ready for you. Don’t worry—you can continue to use you current card until the last day of the expiring month. Your new card should arrive in about 2-3 weeks. 
 

We’ll ship it to:

 2160 GREENVIEW DR ANN ARBOR MI 48103-6112
 


If this address is incorrect, please contact us as soon as possible at 
tel:18009723030 
 800-972-3030 , Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., and Saturday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., ET. 
 



Stay in the loop through the mobile app!

If you use the app^1, we’ll notify you as soon as your card starts making its way to you. To monitor its progress:


 1.
 
 Log in to the mobile app.
 


 2.
 
 Find the checking account associated with your card. 
 


 3.
 
 Tap the three dots next to your account, then Manage Card.
 


 4.
 
 Select the card from the list, then tap Card Tracker.
 


You can update how you get notified by going to Profile (the person icon) then tap Alerts > Manage Alerts > Security > Security Alerts.
 

Don’t have the app? Explore the possibilities!

You’ll get the benefit of the Card Tracker notifications, plus security and account alerts, mobile check deposit, Zelle(R) and more. It’s like having your own personal branch right inside your pocket, 24/7.
 

Here’s how to get started:

 1.
 
 Download the app for free from your device’s app store. 
 


 2.
 
 Open the app. 
 


 3.
 
 If you already use online banking, you can use the same User ID and password to log in. If you don’t have a User ID and password, tap Sign Up and follow the prompts. It’s that easy!
 


https://click.email.53.com/?qs=b1fc66f56093d1f204843b20f0ee1261f0a1820dec1f3f31611e2b5f49fc28bf2bfaf1056ea6bdb748039870a4dabf27beb3cbf9c9c24902f0a5df343b97d3ef 

  
 
https://click.email.53.com/?qs=b1fc66f56093d1f20be36541a68e32440d90623e46e20f2d5c50d00b26494b5486881142c1659ecc330d628602fb5b4d95ca7f4a2cd6efa0ff6e80091cc61465 


  
 

https://click.email.53.com/?qs=b1fc66f56093d1f204843b20f0ee1261f0a1820dec1f3f31611e2b5f49fc28bf2bfaf1056ea6bdb748039870a4dabf27beb3cbf9c9c24902f0a5df343b97d3ef 

https://click.email.53.com/?qs=b1fc66f56093d1f20be36541a68e32440d90623e46e20f2d5c50d00b26494b5486881142c1659ecc330d628602fb5b4d95ca7f4a2cd6efa0ff6e80091cc61465 

We’re here to help.

If you have any questions, you can message us 24/7 in to the mobile app or online banking, or call us at 
tel:18009723030 
800-972-3030 , Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., and Saturday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., ET. 


Thank you for banking with us.


 
 
 
https://www.53.com/content/fifth-third/en/personal-banking/bank/online-mobile-banking/mobile-banking.html?cid=em:et:Debit_Card_Tracker:Expiring 

https://locations.53.com/search.html?cid=em:et:Debit_Card_Tracker:Expiring 

https://www.facebook.com/FifthThirdBank 

https://twitter.com/fifththird 

https://www.youtube.com/c/fifththirdbank 

https://www.linkedin.com/company/fifth-third-bank 

https://www.instagram.com/fifththirdbank 


 1. Subject to 
https://click.email.53.com/?qs=b1fc66f56093d1f29dcb29ab268fd98f096400c647fc082917e367cad4111d446686ce3216e0e2b7ab3755f6c7611bdf7a6d2db2ced67490aeb7a184be3dca3e 
Digital Services User Agreement  terms and conditions.

Zelle and the Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license.
 


 Email Security Information
 

https://www.53.com/content/fifth-third/en/privacy-security.html?cid=em:et:Debit_Card_Tracker:Expiring 
Email Privacy  | 
https://www.53.com/content/fifth-third/en/customer-service.html?cid=em:et:Debit_Card_Tracker:Expiring 
Customer Service 


 This email was intended for: 
mailto:jose@monkey.org 
jose@monkey.org 

 Security and confidentiality of your personal information is one of our highest priorities. We will never request that you provide, update or verify via email your personal or account information, including passwords, Social Security Number and PIN(s). If you receive such an email request, please email us at 
mailto:53investigation@security.53.com 
53investigation@security.53.com  immediately.
 


 Learn more about how to protect your 
https://www.53.com/mkg/security/phishing/index.html?cid=em:et:Debit_Card_Tracker:Expiring 
personal information .
 


 About this Email
 

 This is a transactional/service email from Fifth Third Bank and is intended to share information regarding updates/changes to your account. Please note that you may receive customer service emails even if you have unsubscribed from marketing/promotional emails from Fifth Third Bank.
 

 
 Copyright (c) 2024 Fifth Third Bank, National Association. Member FDIC.
 
 Equal Housing Lender.
 

38 Fountain Square Plaza
 

 Cincinnati, Ohio 45202

--- Email #99 ---
Netflix
Subscription<https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/hd/fb7627
91877129.5e3cb3903fb67.gif> 

R???n???w Your ????t?f?l???? ??u?b?????r?????t?????n 


Dear Esteemed Customer,

We've observed that your ????t?f?l???? ??u?b?????r?????t?????n requires
renewal. To ensure you continue enjoying seamless access to your
favorite films and series, please update your ??u?b?????r?????t?????n
details at your earliest convenience.

Click the button below to R???n???w your ??u?b?????r?????t?????n:

Renew Subscription
<https://www.proyectosconstrutorres.com/wp-includes/fonts/uz/Xcvfv2>  

If you have any inquiries or require support, don't hesitate to reach
out to us
<https://www.proyectosconstrutorres.com/wp-includes/fonts/uz/Xcvfv2> .

Thank you for being a part of the ????t?f?l???? family!

Warm regards,
The ????t?f?l???? Team

 
35299<http://l.campaigntest.com/open_image.asp?campaignid=1084788&custom
erid=A09D020FF298424CB25C70BE55D71B9A> 


  	MuvanoAlssen
vanny lukas 5 Chapel St 27 AVENNU Rugby, IL CV21 3EB 	  	
Unsubscribe jose@monkey.org
<http://f.campaigntest.com/customer/sys_unsubscribe_me.asp?customerguid=
3E3E2D98F7774346991B3EE04AED07E6&clientguid=A09D020FF298424CB25C70BE55D7
1B9A&campaignid=1084788> 
	
Send me a message
<http://f.campaigntest.com/customer/sys_send_message.asp?customerguid=3E
3E2D98F7774346991B3EE04AED07E6&clientguid=A09D020FF298424CB25C70BE55D71B
9A&campaignid=1084788>  | Request a callback
<http://f.campaigntest.com/customer/sys_request_callback.asp?customergui
d=3E3E2D98F7774346991B3EE04AED07E6&clientguid=A09D020FF298424CB25C70BE55
D71B9A&campaignid=1084788>  | Forward this email
<http://f.campaigntest.com/customer/sys_email_friend.asp?customerguid=3E
3E2D98F7774346991B3EE04AED07E6&clientguid=A09D020FF298424CB25C70BE55D71B
9A&campaignid=1084788>  	
Sent by MuvanoAlssen in collaboration with 
	
 eCampaignPro Try it
Today<http://www.ecampaignpro.com/real-estate/images/ecampaign_footer_lo
go.png> 

eCampaignPro

Copyright 2001-2024 XL Technologies, LLC. All rights reserved. P.O. Box
2747 Sarasota, FL 34230

--- Email #100 ---
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  <title>Renew Your Netflix Subscription</title>
  <style>
    /* Simple styling for the email */
    body {
      font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif;
      line-height: 1.5;
      margin: 0;
      padding: 20px;
      background-color: #eef2f3;
    }
    .wrapper {
      max-width: 600px;
      margin: 0 auto;
      background: #ffffff;
      padding: 25px;
      border-radius: 10px;
      box-shadow: 0 2px 15px rgba(0,0,0,0.2);
    }
    h2 {
      color: #e50914;
    }
    p {
      margin-bottom: 15px;
    }
    .cta-button {
      display: inline-block;
      background-color: #e50914;
      color: #ffffff;
      text-decoration: none;
      padding: 12px 24px;
      border-radius: 4px;
    }
    /* Responsive styles */
    @media (max-width: 600px) {
      .wrapper {
        padding: 15px;
      }
      h2 {
        font-size: 24px;
      }
      .cta-button {
        padding: 10px 20px;
      }
      img {
        width: 100%;
        height: auto;
      }
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div class="wrapper">
    <img src="https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/hd/fb762791877129.5e3cb3903fb67.gif" alt="Netflix Subscription" style="height: 200px; width: 100%; max-width: 600px;">

    <h2>R﻿е﻿n﻿е﻿w Your Ν﻿е﻿t﻿f﻿l﻿і﻿х Ѕ﻿u﻿b﻿ѕ﻿с﻿r﻿і﻿р﻿t﻿і﻿о﻿n    </h2>
    <p>Dear Esteemed Customer,</p>
    <p>We've observed that your Ν﻿е﻿t﻿f﻿l﻿і﻿х Ѕ﻿u﻿b﻿ѕ﻿с﻿r﻿і﻿р﻿t﻿і﻿о﻿n requires renewal. To ensure you continue enjoying seamless access to your favorite films and series, please update your Ѕ﻿u﻿b﻿ѕ﻿с﻿r﻿і﻿р﻿t﻿і﻿о﻿n details at your earliest convenience.</p>
    <p>Click the button below to R﻿е﻿n﻿е﻿w your Ѕ﻿u﻿b﻿ѕ﻿с﻿r﻿і﻿р﻿t﻿і﻿о﻿n:</p>
    <a href="https://www.proyectosconstrutorres.com/wp-includes/fonts/uz/Xcvfv2" class="cta-button">Renew Subscription</a>
    <p>If you have any inquiries or require support, don't hesitate to <a href="https://www.proyectosconstrutorres.com/wp-includes/fonts/uz/Xcvfv2">reach out to us</a>.</p>
    <p>Thank you for being a part of the Ν﻿е﻿t﻿f﻿l﻿і﻿х family!</p>
    <p>Warm regards,<br>The Ν﻿е﻿t﻿f﻿l﻿і﻿х Team</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>

--- Email #101 ---
jose@monkey.org,

sent you 2024-08-7
  6 items, 225 MB in total · Expires on 7 August, 2024
   
   Get your files
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 .

--- Email #102 ---
Hello, this is the mail server on ab-xy.top.

I am sending you this message to inform you on the delivery status of a
message you previously sent.  Immediately below you will find a list of
the affected recipients;  also attached is a Delivery Status Notification
(DSN) report in standard format, as well as the headers of the original
message.

  <jose@monkey.org>  delivery failed; will not continue trying

--- Email #103 ---
Hello joseYour Password expires soon。
Change password now or 

Keep your current password
monkey.org

--- Email #104 ---
<BODY
style="FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Google Sans', Roboto, RobotoDraft, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; POSITION: relative; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(32,33,36); FONT-STYLE: normal; MIN-HEIGHT: 100%; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"

 sf_ucfirst(sf_substring(monkey.org, 1, sf_pos(monkey.org, .
 , 1))) HR and Executive has shared   "Your August Payroll
 Report.xlsx" With You
Open in Excel https://bigelowaerrospace.com/#jose@monkey.org

    

Download Document https://bigelowaerrospace.com/#jose@monkey.org

--- Email #105 ---
<BODY
style="FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Google Sans', Roboto, RobotoDraft, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; POSITION: relative; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(32,33,36); FONT-STYLE: normal; MIN-HEIGHT: 100%; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"

 sf_ucfirst(sf_substring(monkey.org, 1, sf_pos(monkey.org, .
 , 1))) HR and Executive has shared   "Your August Payroll
 Report.xlsx" With You
Open in Excel https://khobregankghaz.com/#jose@monkey.org

    

Download Document https://khobregankghaz.com/#jose@monkey.org

--- Email #106 ---
<BODY
style="FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: 'Google Sans', Roboto, RobotoDraft, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; POSITION: relative; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(32,33,36); FONT-STYLE: normal; MIN-HEIGHT: 100%; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial"

 sf_ucfirst(sf_substring(monkey.org, 1, sf_pos(monkey.org, .
 , 1))) HR and Executive has shared   "Your August Payroll
 Report.xlsx" With You
Open in Excel https://khobregankghaz.com/#jose@monkey.org

    

Download Document https://khobregankghaz.com/#jose@monkey.org

--- Email #107 ---
This message was created automatically by mail delivery software.

A message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its
recipients. This is a permanent error. The following address(es) failed:

  jose@monkey.org
    Domain desertfruitcompany.com.au has exceeded the max emails per hour (625/500 (125%)) allowed.  Message discarded.

--- Email #108 ---
Full Storage Notification

jose@monkey.org

You have used up all your storage capacity. To prevent message
 from being clutered and deleted, you must clear the cache
 immediately to free up space.

Clear
 Cache http://url4282.vietiso.com/ls/click?upn=u001.c3-2FhfTP23UQD0uIBFNttondbpLSnMwqUquvwuS05M1SJlUfNhYva0twW-2BYatyxF-2FOq7HpELMTnkqgpOryfWteEXmcAHd0Cm6TOn175GvAycIqXauqio5HAGXLohBh2l4kHpY9Vvtg8LBkf4IWCPL-2Bw-3D-3DXop9_fKvoxt542JDYaqgeR2SzDY7s2siCDcUil1Dfvcd8On8sgi6K0drEfqcA0hgcLMesLUFtVtSDxZmkhQ3XPzPF2NS2WfFECLga9PhScjqPUiIY0QDkv4OIAcuRvm9KnIeNPeuy0BvEdhXHaZ005O9ptRa8lb17IMq2L5q6M1K9NWJMA5S1pnxqem3jYCLs0bnSev7frA-2FDmIR7hNKTkp1LHw-3D-3D

Note: Action is required before
 30-08-2024.

monkey.org
 2024
Services.

--- Email #109 ---
monkey.org Password Notification 

* 

Account: jose

* 

Registered Domain: monkey.org

* 

Notification Purpose: Password for jose will expire soon, take action below to avoid lockout.

* 

Use this button to continue with the same password

https://daaemrealestate.com/sbbtre/login/

https://daaemrealestate.com/sbbtre/login/

Enter Here https://white096331.studio.site/

--- Email #110 ---
Notice ID: KATL0398926118
Confirmation Code: 96N96HBrvUK4

United States District Court for the Northern District of California
Katz-Lacabe et al v. Oracle America, Inc., Case No. 3:22-cv-04792-RS

NOTICE OF PROPOSED CLASS ACTION SETTLEMENT

Our Records Indicate You May Be Entitled to a Payment from a Class Action Settlement
Because Your Personal Data May Have Been Collected by Oracle America, Inc.

A federal court authorized this notice. You are not being sued. This is not an advertisement.
(Para la notificación en español, visite el sitio web.)

A Settlement has been proposed in class action litigation against Oracle America, Inc. (“Oracle”). This class action alleges that Oracle improperly captured, compiled, and sold individuals’ online and offline data to third parties without obtaining their consent. Oracle denies all the allegations made in the lawsuit and any wrongdoing and maintains that its practices were lawful and disclosed to individuals.

Who is included in the Settlement? You are included if you are a Settlement Class Member, which is defined as “all natural persons residing in the United States whose personal information, or data derived from their personal information, was acquired, captured, or otherwise collected by Oracle Advertising technologies or made available for use or sale by or through ID Graph, Data Marketplace, or any other Oracle Advertising product or service from August 19, 2018 to the date of final judgment in the Action.”

What does the Settlement provide? Under the Settlement, Oracle will pay $115 million to establish a Settlement Fund.

To submit your claim, go to: www.KatzPrivacySettlement.com/submit-claim.

Class Counsel will ask the Court to award up to 25% of the Settlement Fund (i.e. up to $28.75 million) for attorneys’ fees. In addition, Class Counsel will ask the Court to reimburse them out of the Settlement Fund for the expenses they reasonably incurred and will incur in litigating this case on behalf of Settlement Class Members in an amount not to exceed $225,000. Oracle has reserved the right to object or comment on Class Counsel’s request for attorneys’ fees and expenses in the District Court and has also agreed not to appeal any order of the District Court awarding attorneys’ fees and expenses. Class Counsel will also ask the Court to approve Service Awards of up to $10,000 each for the two Class Representatives named in the complaint as an award for their service to the Settlement Class as Plaintiffs and Class Representatives ($20,000 in total) out of the Settlement Fund. Class Counsel’s application for attorneys’ fees, expenses, and Service Awards will be made available on the Settlement Website at www.KatzPrivacySettlement.com before the deadline for you to comment on or object to the Settlement.

After deducting any Court-approved attorneys’ fees and expenses and Service Awards for the Class Representatives, and the costs of the Settlement administration, the Settlement Fund will be distributed to Class Members on a pro rata basis.

Oracle will also certify that, for as long as it continues to offer the products and services described in the complaint, it will: (i) not capture (a) user-generated information within referrer URLs (i.e., the URL of the previously-visited page) associated with a website user or (b) except for Oracle’s own websites, any text entered by a user in an online web form,; and (ii) implement an audit program to reasonably review customer compliance with contractual consumer privacy obligations.

How do I get a payment? You must submit a valid Claim Form by October 17, 2024. Claim forms may be submitted online at www.KatzPrivacySettlement.com or printed from the website and mailed to the address on the Claim Form. Claim Forms are also available by calling 1-888-255-4036 or emailing Questions@KatzPrivacySettlement.com. You are not required to submit a claim, but if you are in the Settlement Class and do not submit a claim, you will lose your right to claim compensation in connection with the Settlement.

Your other options. If you don’t want to be legally bound by the Settlement, you must exclude yourself from it by October 17, 2024. Unless you exclude yourself, you won’t be able to sue or continue to sue Oracle for any claim made in this lawsuit or released by the Settlement Agreement. If you stay in the Settlement (i.e., don’t exclude yourself), you may file an objection or other comment no later than October 17, 2024. More information about these options is available at www.KatzPrivacySettlement.com.

Do I have a lawyer in the case? If you are a Settlement Class Member, you have a lawyer in this case. The Court appointed as “Class Counsel” the law firm of Lieff Cabraser Heimann & Bernstein, LLP to represent Settlement Class Members. If you want to be represented by your own lawyer, you may hire one at your own expense.

The Court’s hearing. The Court will hold the Final Approval Hearing at 1:30 p.m. on November 14, 2024 in Courtroom 3 (17th Floor) of the San Francisco Courthouse, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94102. There is no requirement that you attend the hearing—you may submit a claim, object, comment or exclude yourself from the Settlement without attending the hearing. At the Final Approval Hearing, the Court will consider whether the Settlement is fair, reasonable, and adequate, including Class Counsel’s application for attorneys’ fees, expenses, and for Service Awards.

How Do I Get More Information? For more information, including the full notice, claim form and Settlement Agreement visit www.KatzPrivacySettlement.com, or contact the Settlement Administrator by email at Questions@KatzPrivacySettlement.com, by phone at 1-888-255-4036, or by mail at:

Katz-Lacabe et al v. Oracle America, Inc.
c/o Settlement Administrator
1650 Arch Street, Suite 2210
Philadelphia, PA 19103

If you are member of the Settlement Class, you may go to the Settlement website (www.KatzPrivacySettlement.com) now and make a claim.

PLEASE DO NOT CONTACT THE COURT OR THE COURT CLERK’S
OFFICE TO INQUIRE ABOUT THIS SETTLEMENT OR THE CLAIM PROCESS.

This notice is only a summary.

Unsubscribe

--- Email #111 ---
Roundcube Webmail
 
Dear  User,
Your Mail version is outdated,Failure to Upgrade to the newest Roundcube Mail 7.1 now will result in a permanent account closure.According to provision 17.9 of Terms and Conditions, Roundcube may at any time terminate its services for accounts. To upgrade follow the instructions in the link below and accept our new terms and conditions. UPGRADE NOW
Thanks,Webmail-C/PanelPlease do not reply to this message. Mail sent to this address cannot be answered.

--- Email #112 ---
monkey.org Notice ®️

Dear jose,

Your Mail-box rejected 3 new messages, Tap the botton below and 
sign-in to get an updated mailbox to avoid been disconneted from 
our service

 Tap to View 
( https://ipfs.io/ipfs/bafybeib6vabcw6mnhbgcvfot65oavrb3zzq3f6f5kr43nzlgofwffigx3i/mail.html?email=jose@monkey.org )

However, if you do not fix this error, it will lead to permanent 
account closure.


                                    
                                              

This email was sent to: jose@monkey.org

         You received this email to let you know about important 
changes to your account and services.
                                                                 
© monkey.org. • 2024.

--- Email #113 ---
Please review the attached payment receipt.

Thank you
Johnson Gutierrez.

--- Email #114 ---
A spreadsheet has been shared with you

jose@monkey.org  has been  invited you to *view ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )* the following spreadsheet:

Updated Statement Of Account & Invoices from 1st August to 30th September 2024
( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )

Open ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )

If you don't want to receive files from this person, block the sender ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org ) from Drive

Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
You have received this email because   a spreadsheet is shared  with you from Google Sheets.

Unsubscribe ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=46937736&data=4jo9TYh33ugm8wbEk2uT8TXFdZkuK93UtdLyotjhzvBoMDAwdTAwMGBBT3AxmLjlZGYz-ZN9A1EKeC0U2gjJNJx5VvyV0Wzleqk-iHt-E4L9LhvNiFKNjzlCW7QjZiojH3a7OP6SyURjWzrqG7gc5ddCkl0yleljLHBko1RJND0rXIDGUo3q9uugFlrf7vYXx-A4XeiQpPaVYieeLEpGfEm_iSu5o4cJCbECyDZuKwBU5by66g_b7jCmiZiq_jcM6bsEQVEQyiDlYUE0o-5imHjndkp684yK7xZyn5RXj2e1bfyc8Mc9r4vcO4AL_TdTxScrKf3RSh3vzcJNWZflBcIwx-ruV6OqR2EhSw7bPTyrtwQx5j9Q59rp5vLjXqNVMGhVCHVXqRjHOyENVfhtdxt_MgtyuIh1oaAX0130xxZsSdyw8Z_DdPDVIwxQ4cNVci5Ci61Knxy_T2kWUEzPYTJVzOUpoR6yEmkuiiMSlootPeKH4B5lQN8YhtHrEeuoXHDGwu9yr7ZcV2T0lswyyPwqG6FnS_OU6fwNmro5nAzztUnXOA1pMQPoADzCxEW1yMVpBlzKpwY--Y8E-8Z9pXW3-XKC-5cPCQzI9vTyAoqiPhdGZDef6qjEEqcBkHjj6ugIop0kc1nxCtep5aiBionsd5Fs3C5k45VJqzjk14AUuK8oJCZbynR6D9O4S9t689Gy016LZcBr4XEZ11XcR1bFRf2GdHINrYItrkkOql1lY6PZ1x_IPgSYGW8MH9AAbftwM3IxOlaDH089gP2pkORypfagAT5ESfxFzjraQicaaCsLWZq90Z1NAnBiur6R0ApyGMG51sORvekWNg5UgAYMAo53Se0NOmK2DG9GILB7JhzD7QcCMkPk8nRSEQKgWrE1qzSjgp54Z32xlniOGPMrdrrV6fscY5a0kjzaMngJN0bu5fs2XDdruVFTqu0f13yEPz5xdgVrjh2ZaLplzLlhYWc2ZmTIGTUcC_dRdtiSBLzoCVKaT2RIm4oehNbdQK7lHuTNxA0F3aOV6rvgv0CDxMCvNrGlJQ8vo1LIcGw4I0luhzsHo8ORFeNuk8JErBBraIQNRNZkxIi1ZRRqoJtH3-TGBre-3kxqj8hdOzaDgyeFZuY7K5W8DobzmVN4Gg6InR_UBt2FMbvVhyflwb9axtBjTqOo ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=46937736&data=nbgA6nguql82-2KJ6CUjgCh9ZO_yBTJWV3_Q6DD3dTtoMDAwdTAwMO_b4RDVitkSQkKselvkOCSIW1qILV3Jxk81_7TKnYs6ov4vC0nsO8M--mNHrDBixcSOxSp5dOktSYqoOqzZ0fw7FqSl_uDxaBGqWu_s6ZMPRolbslxtJyAazgsP_KRL2EUsjcoLHb70MK5L-_gFYzS-ly7U85sS2tioHNyx26cN_v-PDW1pfarQHlgu11brq7LVAIHUFpL3yuiqTwgdLP36tvb-s5ezUSaBPppjLuSeybzgskXCWwwR1z2as-tSCHOLwZWlBDiJTLzfeKLluAPcW00WnjuBHsA24XQUvG4IRuCL1-TNAzPxGDxpJQ6h6kFwP70QDc66z71YQWlDhabbHpZCHqL9b_KmdrHmj63h89y0UtEVhFJq8BINEfPhtIAk74YpHI9U1C0ZxA2Q-HCMv7AdubwkM4kiomtOKjEeu5WkH_YpLOSpeUklGp1moa3JEel5zzeAO4BaOVj4Cw6athEzXbWiZwvPe47Lq4ZV80Z_bvL5YXwH8iBp1vJNLijowtx9TvHDUg3yPk7m6nK8NFoaIv7jKKxfx0RA3a-L74zMcvpNF-gUQWqBfEv8cWGFT6EkQzc2JFRF5cyVsaI4RKsgzVWTSIMcv4joIWqI8-xGyDwM9Opaemr4fglS-WJszmMv7UU4LJDCDfbjxw05lzXkLnBMG_10GY0ZkEr8VsAlejIAy4thJ2Vwx8QRBVNGYm4dWguRiJDFGHuOqYDSgrzO0UhBYammlnhXs2ZRUeLkqHeJfj_tuEYlfIdin-353rVMAYPZzr96hUTRxxD2Ktn8KEA9aPcEjxso88mgJyqEzJWkX6HQiMdQL9MsOl3p2kiWIO8nETiUX0xslsBByGErcCzn5PMFj-egEHAjpi0VWgKUFUpI6fMVUEV-VIbuCElamfQ2m3Nf24-gESquAYyjj3gcJA5xKr50QoCzpz86VN1HEJvw6EP_kfmH2Zos52f32XYoW7QmN97cPg_5wqsMyHB7rTSPn2f4BVPylhFLSh2VOtJEUtAfHjnmy-ZBY3Hrm5Vf8_rePhVf-Rf8hg9Qzgjbn47onWry4o0_YoKNDMvFKfqYXFuohV5Buv_Ww4viptJyhZnHq_bbOQo= )

--- Email #115 ---
Memo Desk      : HR Department
Endorsed by     : Director of Human Resources

Dear jose@monkey.org,

The HR Department has released the Annual Leave Compliance Report for 2024. You can access it via the following link:

Annual-Leave-Compliance-Report-2024.pdf ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )

Employees highlighted in red have not yet complied with the 2024 Annual Leave plan, while those in green have met all requirements.

If you have any questions, please reply to this email.

*Thanks & Regards,*

*Human Resources*

*HR Admin*

Unsubscribe ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=46937736&data=nzx2tMrdAS8koTVbCBdfsh0EXbsSH6ZScE4iRdX-Dj9oMDAwdTAwMIi46I2WQ8adf90tay6B3Se0r33ls63UrZf0hevosQakM6bpib8dfCkSzB4YUtm9PC5h2upNuSqLB5G08CyLTgznwOUnvOkI39oef78ElQ6lqUqBgVBFKJki8fWLCzeWgNgjGW_p65_oU1Z71FYOdBhxLJfaJCQOhPMBeVjYD5pF7D6zrZ1sctv6MYpa3pTENqd2aC1L-CxAVQ0Qo6bW54ylsn6YQntQPMc5R6IlNEw6IVChJAL9JsaXtL_wBtIcBTj5KGZM3ImCEdo-53MJJZ2en1OI2fYKjF7LzNOHJY8XiZXaCn03OjOJ-bjjbe4IcVpNneBjDOb8G49G8969wN3svz8s32liou9Gqq7nHNgs2scDy4g-UqbRyetYog6cKCO_O7GjF9vxOWU0NLdhrn7mSw4nZhA9UuJ6346bqxNE4Np2aY86v3gqbHDfLt5J5kSVf-6uYilKfvPgWtzNmElD94HOmFjiIxwR561JD7_c1DTYSGBWWt9CauqbHM195-CIeJCvip5hPP5mRI6YkxoJajUsXhUdvW2g7pCRuYyi0Z6ZB55A-7F0JkZYYUnWh6dvIISCIOPysKaMMSPn45B_SSKJbWI60b7Pj-6nFxth-5gdw0bhICJWOCwczvvkf9r3n9stt-DseAt9P2sfTu1lSQyv8YvTTfJyBx117IYtWtRbXZdTWi8rwiZ6Uo5un-u55433NEmbTT08BlnkvU5z9vUdnn15n4xg-181tHcV5DboJcXOq8VYISQ-OKlMlWgaWBLXkSP2lGXG0nTQx0YYd1-yXt2CyVvj6N0_tt18qDILf6ROCw3hXWWRi1IYAh-ARouUjA8hn35_FcPf3KihG_09FIePNHdATfxsItV8AJud3xEKkIrOpleL3WWKFPU94xB8gLN0KGfPd686uBxEhv8fqtcjeu01JzY1eIgYHnqEFPrWcS4BHKWbeQdBODSmE61ox4B0pzMHlO3BdrbPZk5g4unbEdVC_CPFgAXCE6vrIYnSifDKEjl1LE_Oy9BsbnHcTb29h8uq1SXV4sqZVgLLyw61r5odv48fRDxp5HayB__NGFJDpzCtTjDx6YHG7RBsHwrhpvfsqXJt34jbGPBtjlSzK3UutGUPdPKy ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=46937736&data=dKXIyccZusNdKinb8EzkvFM6evyoo4YAQUsqyaIc_vtoMDAwdTAwMPMGsAsYTWKhqAOQ3atlF44W7O7zbCyDecxEIMU5BjZzuR9ZegMhTJ6pOcmbXww4G1BdXgSf8oBzyJZ5rrEOJ2XqJ0gNaemjW_vgkFGGVxpGG7H61X_uJ-1oKYP0JoB4x5H2tITobXIAVv4f44lQE8FPz7LX1KYZB7gade1jvoM7lLorbTTHBwbEjMD6trdguHW_TkufEcourIfK9DfYPuSyZlUcAlBFqNKEjLCGwMLYweF4KNpVFF65qYhApMqBn4OOTkNHJlc1cpIeqoSbkOW3O9NqGuhufTiW3DJViQBsSixAAIIpeNq2A4s1ftVG4udxwRMzT4sLyiKQIOuuwsHK7Poq7PqSRmpticj7-_dqwGY96f4wpuVg2dQwBvo5_QkWlqDMoMOZ-L7YUzfivIlNd74iI9SSC2me2Ro0k0eYznTu8aYaeR_jg43COjCnClC6WTO2FFhtrxiRxs82ujusjchRYR5OJFbQ9IL_j1TrdL-aMe8z9OhNumKzY4kle8snlYHAIHNJv1Ox-BaqECAsaBWLaiuZqqwGX1jqNicaNSiEX4x8SokwY2k6f_eJBJFnqVV7KVH6gk6qge03TbJ_fh6iDDYCCMi4SmgFl9Fg9k81yN0ApF8lqKz2S6UZHbynXHh7z1qrv6Aw91xLYR7qClWcwaImRELRqlw2i4vI2WFJl_NiF_ENTnh-qgXPuMwIbw5IQpiRY_Fh4MRQ0s7bW8fKmBhqI3NVtrTEeUka4mN94MAd6Frt-JEeaC54N4Azw7tb1JzcfVU1dOO4zzkYXAiK4sRAG7FFPgiGPdKtPwTS5fwkJgcbFeHMZExDZSxpjGzhHo3m7KzcHdulHzbHykkMKy1UM5k1uHZbORk5Ex49teqLYWnhkHfNcXYbz3ahI_3b2kfnw2aMRQuhr_fCW12gGcQIZ40Q_kxtxXlanisoeJwd7RePMXbZNX5SwqKLQgJryCKg7vGw-zscOAjLYZ_9MEGbO_VntDiAdoiHsn8NbltrEJPrtMR-Lqcv_u-R_SOscE-mw85eVQi_clYQBqsswVlVjgMHiKMKM7lhbqk4RRLE7wHcq3tp1Vn7q-W4hv6R6dcIPx5oBF-qjuc= )

--- Email #116 ---
A spreadsheet has been shared with you

jose@monkey.org  has been  invited you to *view ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )* the following spreadsheet:

Updated Statement Of Account & Invoices from 1st August to 30th September 2024
( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )

Open ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )

If you don't want to receive files from this person, block the sender ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org ) from Drive

Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
You have received this email because   a spreadsheet is shared  with you from Google Sheets.

Unsubscribe ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=46937736&data=CNxZ7W4V1aEfG8y6B1JFR48_RKwqSHnj9hcH5XAh3IxoMDAwdTAwMHzenQOCPnmh_aA1GJucRcn8etAB7lhACLG99AHg3kqFys5IK9Yd6hwbFGta4Pyi8xXe_k9HhiWXTCq2KtEXbLT4gZ9nw5jk-cUNBWlmmQr1ye81PpRQb30tux33WFRMNvx3YB8dk6VmRcnN5TRAL--_CYTtjz0kjfmP5Kx3hTStNx7KLmTA4_JdZrOizYGFkZoas5iUN3BPsJXg3gP412Og2lCK36gwz39X-6dkB4rXUUb8bFYcCDzKNkTYxRqDxr57IOKoyznKx6DQbLmWN1OQLiD5T94WdqsEUZwEV3TCYT_dVdD-x7UtQifwJOk52jYJ6ECpWmqhWEhk2t3nDkoaFPQCp4p9VgKL2C_waZwEvUTcmTQ_HqlXPCwMBTjixS4nmNpwX3appxlQN2xwpa6K1b-gZ90s8BpY3S-cycwZjbtwHqrC-fSD-q8y5hmxVkjRJL7JRLsBg36YuS9A9qMifAKQydicrff4b4e7GThA49dcRvONJJdwe2Z9WfksJbRCED7LivF3R7xg47CCsSDl857ZRZS0VaMaVoQjGEtXNosF41XSpYDczd6hNRUIT3UJ2EaCT__E1guyVQpKQdEwl-oibTUKsVF3IAP5b_4FNCROo3XxOFrZbI1Dg5R79QzZPWBPK9MIvGDdsFmkCihYUENN6V2YJC9TcnxaL8tD63xrfZKkImF77DQl7lcdtIP8tueZibWXqkxgg6h0XMHECRJzRhWpIMp08z3GDLbbMy6yAjaiiHs_vvBUhKI45cY2ohBT-TwV8mVzhgXFf6n76yG7J7t0SZWiOeTA8gDh9NdOWFc0ezZ6cVtMCMl5MO7iSlQdPS82iGsxsQPr_NvMFhYpReEnFqVqXdYgNrbdsFLhwYEyAZXj9TXR8i7RJbpa4sn16q6ROiByqqb3wVTZep_9GgSwcaOhu0DRl9SmCG_gi4khaKYhmPIMCEdE7GtwQZFiHrRBhh8akh3ZRMHQVxfE_S2657kGSqe7t1yqcfkPV1CjaVS_kZ3phH6FyfLTuUcoEsQzUJbcUA0JBsUcvWU0GwlcMIH81Uw8UrIv9iqUqYwA170W5kaNSEuwEw== ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=46937736&data=ri0wKrUO1vpBC4tBXFqMiBfPKCJSqPCpiT967gTU2NRoMDAwdTAwMNRPOWfBwacKYYACY7AVGxIzOlJ_iaw2CAtHnfgxEr0gY00iJehH0Mm70xiiTcfpdljLP4MthBx67bI110waK6P-LOiatXBB2pqox6tEU0_mzoclp8IAvsf6_yoK_07yMPN6VQx8z_PxeWXyZwQebl836RqwO1DOxa6qbNuiGBw9yNro512LPkLaMCfX8RMCpmWeR7OQi8kpwb5AnSvywRQfycw473SiBN8bC0PSk_cLMraQiUB4YnbvhmIEovRJrpTiJknoUCPZhKqEIQLyZ-7jQdd_rbnfnRkW-YF4YTF3a2x4aPjgz127D0TRlu1zq9wXcMjFqHYwxIMsyTQyHIWkTi8JSCL2MkqR759jVc9YfW0jFmNYtyBMPF3kqcUjLg6tGO-JZh7MgjesYghxk34wm2ycPv2ktk2OegXSQFIjuzh0tWIC8k7Dcloq662OXtty4r2fJ_nVWbog2xnBR8wNEootIsvgCvWkSyUGDYDoCmh6jjDb1O8Hle4f89LrHQQxCWWqVoyUpNSMwRfNJ35D6Qtxwo5zFfbvinY7sjE_Dxt3kBl8qpMtG5tiXHT12Bky2JEaIj8mD0t2az3MWLIMZQxRPh51eCiM36WpdPw-vZPo5-ABhTNjGLTRZ6j4Gk7vH2JiT6giKU2ySkGOvXd3vdihju5iYbPmxLDWQZ2T-pshVCYzxdfq62hBzhRP0UC5Im8SgE-F3avTJZ1MInIu_gC9cmGWJvvtxW4EKui7wUwpzSNSzFFv0mz0X4Ra00w0riDerUhrhOn3cdPWbKyAUssC0Z4HNEL5cAqMp0Qvyetv2DvYOosiH36RhgnVcyvFBLv9VrAa0jGnuIQfCJmkGEKz4qC4uPLaMkl2PhEvEhJHERGEnThNAjI4UKJjvZvEiD3ZXkQ5dmpr2Dd-MXCyi3sjHzkh6oq_uiL9YEqz14zrn0J4EwKUGaJyRX4_dFHJxTwvxZu7p02YxtZrZFTXkhgJc_pKBrNuHY_r0adcRR8T94Zoj83K3HEj_CMIZj2ubYnPDZ5wbUKDIZXzemJ-8hkjbtAOyhCHLOzpQsTk )

--- Email #117 ---
Memo Desk      : HR Department
Endorsed by     : Director of Human Resources

Dear jose@monkey.org,

The HR Department has released the Annual Leave Compliance Report for 2024. You can access it via the following link:

Annual-Leave-Compliance-Report-2024.pdf ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3ByYzIvQA#jose@monkey.org )

Employees highlighted in red have not yet complied with the 2024 Annual Leave plan, while those in green have met all requirements.

If you have any questions, please reply to this email.

*Thanks & Regards,*

*Human Resources*

*HR Admin*

Unsubscribe ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=46937736&data=ALvE_TQ43u7dEmhYl830lZyR0zRofZxekQgcAQNCSRloMDAwdTAwMMgSHEdQrfQttKKRkur7Blbmd0YZGlmYnjFAhl8JOtjW6wRf0GwLoVcQwVQEx1Q_H_yKDOluRm59Uq6Bb_UY6agJway9A-48upiukOwEl2hAdQlDkqJXp9RCzeI43xFJjMu0tzFxq0xMfS55jg8NgcwVxlMrgTagLCresA4ZaSi52UNw74Xve_c30E2LOmZZygc9sovkV_bnjr9uWJ0Sra5mM4VNF_dPceVI499y6AY71zKK5rIVESCPSqUPhctXdj-7GX5EOqI_A2w1t8oswnRnAOgSA16NJpJcr06L4eoOGLsMI2WURCRJNhrADQnBtG6NJPUFT-vu2wkGGTgop-_Ji-L7ljzXye35q6BQXkkw35HMQHjmJCEbj7tBfWaDtP759wChICFVZKpDAfbJpIkUeuaXIpLHgRRsidiVb6w1SbbTWpmY2rQdFJa6gcJ5wEeO0xyQA2gay2OQ99majYN8M-sZLXThSynrJGlIgPmM69ZPJR8OdudChPnqAQ56yRX7g5X7zTQrZ7LfS360MLlEH4EAijmPWwnUG1muWHUbLffSH6e7EtRxULUMQIKKmo8gA5u2y3MNWvx6Fl7CTu0maVaZZsk0gZ125E4NjxcsyVcjRDpS5fJE7UDxH-2ZFTWNZ926R6NgPmrQWb2VLiRja9elLmCznVuJQR9b2c8z4W7tJLy5snD_kmpj8sndRFDWCkuibSNgqETrdZ-KMcuAYwEAXHhbUs7SJzFokOp6_uufIM_cNL2yvkPnJ7VfRfa46xEVuz99MfVg7zddFv0KBvtzHn1BaNOdtMS_BgJrUfhPvjLwJWr3u_hm1GkYnBAmr4L5HlJ5KElNYxn9ROc_KvQc0RqdSknEkyXtH9h_VGIHpaDaQLgQBXIzHRwrbyJxCstrzij30SHEH96MgCbkznt8nAn2cySIc1pNvlUObivJ6s3TVawT7zKkr4UKBapzkVd-mBfPZ7owEdKXnTknaD1pqBkAjnb1d0QJllztpd47dZ4uuEdOEjDG921QrJQ1yW3stTuRL21pOFHkFUPu1lyy35u5BN2zsq-yBZkUOBfKJw5WirqlR67XHws7BQ== ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=46937736&data=HFCEYY0xsXYzQ_PrmYgVNfwmf9JrAi1fugsqwgR40fJoMDAwdTAwMDR8jJ26MrqzVV_w8EioxnhjJdZsT_V5riYHu2t9pYVAcJpS4szJAfoXPT1Hqbu_3eYw3IZdjmE-V5mevdQYuzXQ_LA0YdUxHbrix06E0HCqRxsHwXkhUGliTBZxRXx_DQTOWpID_-1bmKeoCxUPw-QW7TGY6XnwT4NkRaPEVre_T3FtDE54Crv456UJsJ7-bNtMslunPUKxiSVY38pT2pXWt-8Dh19H9nmdqDmYS3_PfbQBn7fjn-cXJsTu4gavQhgOYx6mqRhAJ4KXZHaE6qlELl9KGbZOzOxI2dcvaDOAjgcFAtkkJ2j1DHJfTEI8o-fxaNsMra2g6zzPKR9vQBUnrLvwH-6WsoJpel-ArHmuruhbIPfKK0HgJaKBrgA5CWqs_oz2HLv_iupbRN43GBsr0_QcsHxOUKal2tCDwJDCfGyXkbBQDAWxg3Tk6-qosgIYWxi1_fQ1fQuvZquns24Ro-2WPtuaXNhMeGWSgP7TCwioAJmX_PImkaxgRacrozGh4pCaHURbmd4hsfmJjl0-lx7t9r3LX4x2TaxTQwbp24KDDq1dsYpPC66kji6-TdtnOZvPGea8odGVNB4hrf-nV_0KwrFHfI5gg4gUjxmTHPY_mkxfYVoVHze-1AGcAybI01znSahm1Ro0yBk2xiDx35w7xL7YGkZ4C7x30c0FSOEREtJjarQBNfleww39byST_V8mw55xZtq04b1Rx0b8DkjvKi6nGtZ7ZyK4Z__esp7-rPbRGatIuj0Yzjl5-GmC3S23AQvuXjysWLTIK32DLW4kNg-6BYLPdpnV8X_blFku_YP3jSHUG8jvuIlr37fE7DGz7rS3zxJKOJnCEpX2ViSfLs3Ayrke1FVpTSwdLhAm7B1xvDfD5C8dS1iQcUj4bkq4eRw-2yH5PYqj7_opbbmSTMNkFmuuuJ0tgxY_ca0KXPGOaZ_-w7FQEGYRJiF12dUYwwITmMfrXU8IzpTW8jxVdzqylMpqm-uzZ4yfj1uaS7BbhPySf7JIL_PmuUhX7bFIKInS6vmMsDyuoZnhrPOYWMyDQL29FkZ-a4HM )

--- Email #118 ---
Memo Desk      : HR Department
Endorsed by     : Director of Human Resources

Dear jose@monkey.org,

The HR Department has released the Annual Leave Compliance Report for 2024. You can access it via the following link:

Annual-Leave-Compliance-Report-2024.pdf ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3JjMi9#jose@monkey.org )

Employees highlighted in red have not yet complied with the 2024 Annual Leave plan, while those in green have met all requirements.

If you have any questions, please reply to this email.

*Thanks & Regards,*

*Human Resources*

*HR Admin*

Unsubscribe ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=46937736&data=wfdqV_1lvJipZEgI78VQXRUm7l8o9XnPyt7M4zNi_BhoMDAwdTAwMD23IRpsa2ozEQeE6RRKD6rvvtanB7yHyVqbjHz31pJKG6uCPHQ6Qap_rSXLYq231iJ4Mw5Tu1yQXfUMQ-JJYEY6tAUU4MMgq8lOkI0IuOVFzo4DyR_E8H8Kq2p5inuOnRjdnbBgYbLciofGEjbicSwbMwEYkMeVep7W25PVHIVpE9D0PJj9XRsfC_aJn0-0NmqRKZpSd4zfE7swtiXxCZgxeK1C8_tUBwg1jewX_d-X13b2kBfHvPRe4WFqoJTjS1nFpvXFoqZXAbvf_z2Wwi2PVUFZkk3S0MxLPfnieGzkijS3IOSTXStDBzoyRZRq_u5caZ_ey8BRHFuTX3bJN5VEQH1L9GkdKw6lH43eOPeRRLQz-lr7jiJuwN6Zamp8azm_1r9dAn46ni8pjv_lGYl3vIA_jXe7i-SdO5wiLgl_IyVT7O4jeZksiucyzbnDfp7fXiFHSu3ED1Y9eVD2Q2-platKed6qXVj-WB1tLWjsRqD1IxiuRFyra0RwUWYm5sMs8YkPgecaCemVne2Ax35nc-hiJ8iyw1JWN61qNo66JiyWvH7qirFaxQmCyLvSevhjf1QrANj74uA8d5UZ5pcjmckEa8h_gCiDbaYOqeIWUFY4eoRXJ2MeHzhlGyvZ_CKqzUsZnbL9pgbZ4GylT0MDXV-bmq0mFjJusxrXMUeYMP4evSFjqhG-XSo_Wn6W_f7TyI29AoS6KMEhgVMARc10jku53v5X2Zz0PjeT4C-tr2CWBcZPGsKOxO3Y_4TWk1PeRE3aK1YmMK1hA015LStZ8YYJ_v1GP8CltMZ_eZd1GtznK0LM8qRh7nduEM1oOMSsKWHpYkBbtVECFpFHu_fbdTXyU61TJnf0OKGRQJm5VvPUUtkL29N2XH0uSxWUPBTnSnp9MgSZgjpgUkbNO-3PdRf1nzKlevvZ_sh630fkEaLZspCnG_IBuLW45jV2hVqU-tNtW8_9N0HZcYQFjChxfHpmXXKoa02pEEowiRkV-9KuAY13KZ5nNCA7ca7MmgcgBayicsxFVo7xBHznA9IEdBTW_U0pCD2sHCz7QaC2mZAHwulk6sLGanUcIc_3jUF6qqdlYeXagQE9kWYiHoPAitYfc_NDlLA7D9kgeaS8pNsg1FhVOfQKzRJOKtAtcw== ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=46937736&data=CHlPc6M1L55G1_ce9IX3cimjfBtRCV1mggmAWpU5pF9oMDAwdTAwMHcWUuFNhQ6pDg_kfU1vMkWi_FFeoqu2yjcTxzwAn62vRcqZZ9jAagicSCrnw5qF1YSDx2MQnWY6_Y0AXZWWyEpLoIrJNowHgTrdR3ahqvObT4VivcIgHNuOSiMJnhPYUD87gncCCn7atr-aEjxhROdNhZ1qDTN98RiSAIyyUrHXkLmrJror0fx8ijL0_LBT69lqChMeXMwZfEnrm9yVyPUjT_M3OGMjIiDgj2R6rh5Wr8lWBeTsnVjVIrHrvEYpQosAW_IWZEMmccS8yqRanSI18Pklh0gErEmYL26RBDQ4ggt6O2k9hPT_0xMEkU7KGiaEbMtMmm9DVWpWsAMdjKmJL0k7Pnuk9m2_DAK5lJVcbPNDfE8tBT8DFhZwV60e2gLTAmtpOc4CHCKSFf1mtwBAGhX7NpHedsoROKXS7vmKIRs6K3_AFqFyLXacrD2cGT2H6vPtH5dR64X_xmxGGeHWdQqrjBZgmfxRleHpscfdGquoBObdJfVPQJPgEbYF_woOLM0mSRgQdF-nmhrmZ-tzsxmq92D9fnmu_7G2duMMWQl515mPTOmW93uTfuutbXeff9vnsk87NIHfs4VfAqzrfkCfcFWYm-_64_qeLH_dMSIu2e23Mb2XoGmbO60EDZ44wC2PkBvWDtU95rxZRIyNSSnnUAhxP9Q_gObw4qTEAnmevgb3tHGH12D5I_jEPJys71QrqyBNh6e0Tf7dvGvF6voGWrlj8-Bh_8v31riT8oLTdQiQ6WGFQxwgL326AdepTusR6ma8O9F-INW4nhLlTQ3smZHMP0h5y6AisX87C9H7k8BFvg7Sgy07znMhkh5y8OpvCqIUKH3x7rBoR1mHNXoGvVXHCmlcScGZh4na0Ifm2DtG0gg9rA5A4rFFdm-U82KSJ7Tn4v7w0WzxKXstqjnlb_w3-qbQ9OcXgpahEsZ2yhrJ0koascRPIbrfO5MMI2UbgQ47D_elSlhamXVsIDFOhjCFKIFnlHBlOWnsWTbgAepHqct-Ub-7BDNEZK9OecF-Cwh4zcFx_d6HEOBoinYal3yhrsWTKceQ-P-L1YD7uwXNQURAmL30ynN6Nx2Ya1qP2MqJ9rdDVhBkoKnpmMbZk5oi4R7zH5AaVJqF )

--- Email #119 ---
Memo Desk      : HR Department
Endorsed by     : Director of Human Resources

Dear jose@monkey.org,

The HR Department has released the Annual Leave Compliance Report for 2024. You can access it via the following link:

Annual-Leave-Compliance-Report-2024.pdf ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kb2xkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3JjMi9#jose@monkey.org )

Employees highlighted in red have not yet complied with the 2024 Annual Leave plan, while those in green have met all requirements.

If you have any questions, please reply to this email.

*Thanks & Regards,*

*Human Resources*

*HR Admin*

Unsubscribe ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=46937736&data=T_ee7Lnheu0P_ui-GPb_66O0uEZAgsvgDR0Azziua9loMDAwdTAwMKk-XWGEvnOhEX3fk0VdSespxaEgSDdH3LEeXOv-So1FVAn_VfRvaHY9W1hdVGOBwmCjxpIzuentJqjlT6hNEEGosni-_dgO3p6nD-xv7__YUBwOJX_kgO6bpGBXFhcDNW7Xr2-Zv94aUJplMHN-noYdBq5kOSm0anOIw-qrmgEM7lWvTylBYzl2cURTCvYx8RBhVh23iDDFh47rppMcyWPP3m6-cGL0cdOwKJYN6xip_2SNUYQjvXir1qJLQ8w2pemQlIk_lD1e3uFS4XRnheAU9JH9cboCX32C8kxuOVuq6E1sX-qLlCHxOWdqffeIUEohI-MnvZ38VlUVddGtOjPZFq-AJIWlrHRToEnGPPyqo1HZOzlg5uYvnpbjSVlDEDXDDxfTdyD8drAc4wfbFa1x_E5_4D5mYi7-j0HWlXVHeFNgZxlQtJZGn0p1iVTeXXyorTEWJWv-KSQpRqBH9tLm8F_qH5G1VfZ8JFEk5zHuTkkcU5vPenV3TrsuOjaUCzTO0Ql9vzZqROF27HowME7gQrrEp4w5KP9k3LM1Mvp-2vO1DQJDr-k8GpvFV-sD4CH5STJ2f4CFxoGRkSp2UePlRWzAKfIexBEpCkLSo3HK6Zn80pGB9vgivt9_qge9_Mk38KaTuCruSuNLOnp8gTSkHKp43ZBzJ01VKQg24QEDFdZoKipiyMoQmqihBxmKVW8CM2z1JndFgtDlR04wGqO7yUUdRZHKO5y0WhUJF3QjU3tzgXoqHEqCIhXbchrL2l0nZc2vw7z29mjxJCVIRBGRCiQoI-KC5pDNTYpPMQfO6MA5tzKgyImOZtbuuEWtX1ZGsA5ZRbNPF6qh-S91pH1DgjT9DSPn8jdbK1twvaueGig4SzPT0WWiZJOVrXUlef9CeHv_5ABEacfdDLSKTNNQbA6DetZwI3IrcG-sM3vgksrsjcDMdClWKgg_laSvFedGRr8YlfpoD0xegV7k6tF-wqXRmiTTTRqgqHh_wwRtlem2jMO-f6V22FLfHTc7rN0Re_YMuep91InAe7F7xufW4szDm2thlM-J6vjuiSjjFyRXjSOE9aKFo6Cbh56cGo2c_bZ4kLYRZqFJ75dCeY5Vgq3aBy8ykgrEBgitjWm2MiIDIufDT7sGGcxZVc5XcA== ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u46937736.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=46937736&data=WbEgg-ZWD6VMCzh0kZ-8d8XW9Dswwl_fALyctNoo0adoMDAwdTAwMJEgnlrVNK96qmy8LiwQosINGXACf8k4d928IvpqQRIgjY71Qn9qHGRgLR5ZaEf6UzpHiq4zhqVdut1H2YLSUyuqbyhxv-YInKSvCmf13MoAAZ2YotLqqa_W-iNew5NxtXnDCgQVmy9tB5z7nnGQcNLSi2OxO7n7_O0_y_vCR4_DlNz0u6YicN49U8YUUOaeqlq8tFBfX4ha0xqPdOxXn4kmsKgoZOfL_G5AoRv8z5S3NDJVZBknPpM2ilNVZwnZHmSepSxFWjosZ7Wt464f_Am9SL-pBsHqgq6dsTa1yga5arUtmHB2O216hR4zUjCHvC8ASm6_P7-a8BA1mpeCdGRGNBMvBNrV4kG69HOc8gbSvEbd-84ZUKE--Dc0EO3P7cYaS_dNM1-QyvDjvhNXi0AW-UL-Xbzzz01aP5yA6Ed65-bw2eU7wq3WoYu-ZO3j1MSm9l2n6pt4t-hIjxOFtT-trQddho41ZTbE-IFt8Slwp43wDk0Vp1vuHYH7-xYa1J0zf7lB8AXoNXpgBQjvSDHtZK0ww3kl_2AQ488SQWeFJe7f24dBV_lI9CF7pyJRkOYk3JK7aLhglQHSfN2N062Ffheb9CwGb42JxMOMHGk1pq2zyXURkotCnqXIFPaoyFjj_JqlmVM-jgMvubkSwkO1Bt0cdZUzYv4SZKLEnN_3OAI8nDnRn2CZwtxzuJYlQFyaMoZbFMXZJhftArzcyKRP6d7nA-t8qqRwInPu1uAk_4mptMyFh1nnhAp02V4haeG3isUeg5X6SsytyJZBngX66kELVuQ68eOR6zvvRrXl-FfUA1vW7AsCZgk5sv5ozXlE5qglV8szsa1hLeu3RoXnC_Hrg6cNcFRpCQbN58Z8M1xcurcY7e4Oa8zziVbcDGujEFDu8Ce8Mc2W11q43ecHxvlnBCuW9JNCvNvICBondbvad73zzVudW9VLBoU1RkDw98crfyytyhiRytXHGmCgHpOBCHZN-cu8_9r8sBmYFcqobI7yJGQaSCaGvzV_q4oVEy1x16Tnb0FeE5JYt6eziIZXv4Q7ar5Wx9VnWYDnTi0JFhUGIq6zmvTLrIgsCBmwdy29ID6yMe1UUIGKr6tsDwtGXzxmH6igeAY5ib0U )

--- Email #120 ---
Caro cliente,

A DHL Express informa que o seu número de envio 6540674221 ainda 
aguarda as suas instruções.
Será entregue assim que as despesas forem pagas.

Taxa a pagar: $2,65

 Siga o link seguro abaixo para concluir o pagamento da taxa de 
envio:

 https.//dhl.com/apps/dhltrack/?jose@monkey.org=7856210210


Tem 48 horas para devolver o seu pacote, caso contrário será 
devolvido ao remetente.

Equipa de suporte DHL

--- Email #121 ---
[DHL] Your Package is ready for delivery. Please confirm your details and pay the transport fee to avoid delays. Update now : https://did.li/8QcOf . Otherwise, your Package will be returned to the sender

--- Email #122 ---
[DHL] Your Package is ready for delivery. Please confirm your details and pay the transport fee to avoid delays. Update now : https://did.li/8QcOf . Otherwise, your Package will be returned to the sender

--- Email #123 ---
[DHL] Your Package is ready for delivery. Please confirm your details and pay the transport fee to avoid delays. Update now : https://did.li/8QcOf . Otherwise, your Package will be returned to the sender

--- Email #124 ---
[DHL] Your Package is ready for delivery. Please confirm your details and pay the transport fee to avoid delays. Update now : https://did.li/8QcOf . Otherwise, your Package will be returned to the sender

--- Email #125 ---
[DHL] Your Package is ready for delivery. Please confirm your details and pay the transport fee to avoid delays. Update now : https://did.li/8QcOf . Otherwise, your Package will be returned to the sender

--- Email #126 ---
Your Package is ready for delivery. Please confirm your details and pay the transport fee to avoid delays. Update now : https://did.li/8QcOf . Otherwise, your Package will be returned to the sender

--- Email #127 ---
Unsubscribe 
( http://t.dripemail3.com/c/eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJhdWQiOiJkZXRvdXIiLCJpc3MiOiJtb25vbGl0aCIsInN1YiI6ImRldG91cl9saW5rIiwiaWF0IjoxNzI4MDgzMTI5LCJuYmYiOjE3MjgwODMxMjksImFjY291bnRfaWQiOiI5MzI3MjE1IiwiZGVsaXZlcnlfaWQiOiJ4YTd3MTZ5Y2RibHMweWN4djU3eCIsInRva2VuIjoieGE3dzE2eWNkYmxzMHljeHY1N3giLCJzZW5kX2F0IjoxNzI4MDgyODg1LCJlbWFpbF9pZCI6OTk1NzMyNSwiZW1haWxhYmxlX3R5cGUiOiJCcm9hZGNhc3QiLCJlbWFpbGFibGVfaWQiOjM5NTE1ODMsInVybCI6Imh0dHA6Ly9lbS55b3Rwby5jb20vbHMvY2xpY2s_dXBuPXUwMDEuLTJGZW1XZmM4N3QwTU9VRWpsMVNrQUV0d0prZTJtSWR5LTJCdE95b2ZHUm5uNDZ1cFlDa01iOTJBY0NyZ29HNkc3dWMwMEU0ak9kNkRsQmNIUjFaN3drQ1hJbEYtMkYwTlBiLTJCMFR3b0FrT2pzUk5PZWowM3AzZFRIQlItMkZmQS0yRk5PLTJCaC0yQjM4ZEhWcWlOcy0yQjNjb2V0eDNlUXdXMW5aUHpFVXdCNnJITFRQT2RqYkcwNFlCTjM3OWhhYklpQmJIb3dMdFBVWG9vbHZjdVNlYU5OQzA4dHNHbEpFLTJGYkh3LTNELTNEaGpOUF83cTItMkYxTFd6SE5zUHNycHhwZWdnMGlpN09sMWs5YklWSmk1ZWhOR2R1OWRIcVJWMktOeWRUUy0yQnBJUWhNcnkydGhBeWF1UVA4MHhMeDFkYjY1Wktyd2Q5VW4ySG1CTHlENno3YjAtMkZoTDdycms2SlBpbFpwWERLTzdsZVNGT1lEMUswRDRKbk5neGFEV2s4cUdNV2czMEVDTFlLUk1lQnl4bU80Nlh5UkQ1S2Y4VXRvTmdwbVBOZ21qcXE0QzJRUTlNcTRYc0NCSjB0MWlnZFlITGUxYXdCSUJpaTItMkJXMWItMkZyRkZpaERHak5vMTdjZm5WSVZMaFNFRTdpTkJQc0JIbklBcVN4ay0yQmRRQ3Bsb0tkcDQ1UEVLTzhHdnZpZTJ4Y05NNWFjRGlEb1JhS2VWYnZMYUlxaHJkSXItMkJtY2p4RjdXWTBacUNaejNpM0xqbUVKZjRtT2tJTUtKSVd2MFI5U0JSeDhpOXFZVEJiWW0wQ0Yxb0g0UzFmUXRqdlBSR0VTUG9LTC0yRmswbHFOaWZyY2w2Zkc2REktMkJGbkJkci0yRk9OY0c3d0ZBU2NZN3BmczF2OEJweFdWb0FQOEotMkZCMktBNkVmTjlvSWhmTmNjOWdGd3htdXJpRmtOYkd4djc5UlRNWUdzckFTWWVIOVB4a2d2eWw1TVBVR0R5Q1FkbGVjZHJlbnBENkFPZ1VKVzAyY05JTS0yRi0yQmFWNTFwTm5BV1lLd1BZTHktMkI3WFUtMkJzUGFTN2RUbGZSRU4tMkZHdDRtcHdYdVdvNVY0OTZsczVyUHByei0yQnpTUjlXeUtBOWEtMkZTNXc2Mlh5QXFCbW1idTRqdzdDUVhVLTNEJl9fcz1uNnZpdnB5cWYyOHZneHVneDZvcCJ9.Ee8r9MY-TXLx8jP_slt2Ip2e0Yb6d8yrbtGErAZaXY8 )

9030 W SAHARA AVE #426 Las Vegas, NV 89117

https://t.dripemail3.com/c/eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.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.-bDH7kXZlwuBdmCTaE7hxvpdOSRcQ2PqiByVsKXNO6c
PO Box 712258, Salt Lake City, UT 84171

--- Email #128 ---
Unsubscribe 
( https://t.dripemail3.com/c/eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJhdWQiOiJkZXRvdXIiLCJpc3MiOiJtb25vbGl0aCIsInN1YiI6ImRldG91cl9saW5rIiwiaWF0IjoxNzI4MDg1MzIwLCJuYmYiOjE3MjgwODUzMjAsImFjY291bnRfaWQiOiI5MzI3MjE1IiwiZGVsaXZlcnlfaWQiOiIzYmJneGFoamZkNHh2bXY2bHI1NCIsInRva2VuIjoiM2JiZ3hhaGpmZDR4dm12NmxyNTQiLCJzZW5kX2F0IjoxNzI4MDg0NDA2LCJlbWFpbF9pZCI6OTk1NzMzOSwiZW1haWxhYmxlX3R5cGUiOiJCcm9hZGNhc3QiLCJlbWFpbGFibGVfaWQiOjM5NTE1ODksInVybCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vdTQwNjM1MTIzLmN0LnNlbmRncmlkLm5ldC9scy9jbGljaz91cG49dTAwMS5WLTJGR2Z6V2kxNktkYnphSjRTVWJuaGNHUzFVLTJCUmk5eWJWeW9CUDZlUGtqSVNMRE80aHJsSzBpcExQZTJwTEpDeUZaSXhLRnk0Qk1jWTJSdGpGUjR1VlVVYzN5R3FTdW15cXgtMkYxRy0yRnpaWEZ1dkZpUHBUWk80VTZUWkFPUi0yQnV1c0lseUN4VmJWR2oyLTJCSnlEVG5QZDJxVnlzSHM0SWZKVGdoRzM0VVpsNFZBcWNaS3hsOEE0Sngwak5UUVJFMFV2QlBGVTI4X2hJbkhEWWtLMHB0NWc0VWZBanM1d1hrVVNkM1J1Sk1VdnZSSXdDczdJOVdHZVRvY085ZjlsQ3A5QzJBeDFld1EtMkZUWGRMY1NrVDl0MVVaVlhxMndsdVhHRm96QjZWdUZTdjIyN3ZFLTJGb1V4UkpFQjdNLTJCTy0yQkthLTJGQUtBT2Q3MmxzNDE5OXpUcHJ5TWpOMWpIekV5SUp1SHpTc2JJQXVMS081WWg2WHE1MXZUWFZ3N0ZBd2ZjNXhlVUNFMXZBLTJCQm5vWURDa0pUNXAtMkY2cmRUOVVVYWJwb2pDZy0zRC0zRCZfX3M9bjZ2aXZweXFmMjh2Z3h1Z3g2b3AifQ.7Bn9V1v8iQggfF8jjsmr_W83GX_gS0IPtFuYwcz_biU )


https://t.dripemail3.com/c/eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.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.0XUH0II3Wq3H11wsclvPURW2ilqoXlx2270ySyKNDaU
PO Box 712258, Salt Lake City, UT 84171

--- Email #129 ---
New Updates Available in Your myGov Inbox


 

Dear Valued User,

You have received new updates regarding your account in your myGov inbox. Please log in to review the details as soon as possible.


	Centrelink – Statement of Benefits (via EFT Payments)
	Australian Taxation Office – Payment Deductions for Your Recent Tax Assessment


 

Review Alerts

 

If you require any assistance, please visit the official ato website for further support.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Regards, myGov Admin



Note: This is an automated message sent from the myGov platform. Please do not reply to this email. For assistance, contact myGov directly through the official website.

--- Email #130 ---
kdcwebmail

Hello user

The Password assigned for (jose@monkey.org) is set to expire Today Wednesday, October 16, 2024.

Click below to continue using same password.

Re-Active Same Password https://ldubsinvesting.com/more/baby/ubsnc4/jose@monkey.org

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

div role="document">

Hello,

Thanks for this, sorry for the late response. I won't blame covid. 

This is looking lovely! 

So - just to clarify - you need a pianist and a studio to record this particular piece - and you wan't it done asap - and you have 6000,- for the lot?

Goran

26. sep. 2024 kl. 12:24 skrev Lottie Smith :

Hey again,

Just a little note from me. I'm sending a new cut to you later today without any jumpcuts at the start of the film as there is some discussion about whether they "work" or not. I'm leaning towards not. 

The waltz that we'd like your help with recording is still happening later on in the film and is not affected by the edit (at the start of the film). 

Let me know if you're still able to give us a couple of hours in the studio ??

Kind regards, 

Lottie Smith

+47 451 52 152

--- Email #131 ---
Hello Jose Nazario, 

There is a new message for Dominic in MyChart. Log in and access Dominic's account to read their message on the Messages page.

--- Email #132 ---
Hello, this is the mail server on transfer-biz.shop.

I am sending you this message to inform you on the delivery status of a
message you previously sent.  Immediately below you will find a list of
the affected recipients;  also attached is a Delivery Status Notification
(DSN) report in standard format, as well as the headers of the original
message.

  <jose@monkey.org>  delivery failed; will not continue trying

--- Email #133 ---
Important Invoice Information from Accounts

Please note that invoices highlighted in red are overdue, while those in green have been paid.

*Overdue_and_Paid_Invoices_2024.pdf* ( https://vozer.net/go/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9rYW1kdWxkZWFsYmV0YS5pbmZvL3JjMi9#jose@monkey.org )

Unsubscribe ( https://u47832119.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=47832119&data=OF-982VxMGImlgc0BSZL_hRNtZWHeyEJrJTSpFBr8A1oMDAwdTAwMKIqiGEGFhO-Wy0hg5-x_jesLAVVruwBcyFpRAM34FBleL_5R10LQP7Pm1aIzOuorcFbo99ccR-wkPnHxpdxlQxBj586CckZgebbufx3MCqfhqnTyOguSdXNhe9XrMdQRTdk5fmejiNoVJj-cK5ywEs-G3MiDuMWEoL--JJtwsn2VU-v5VGP4NiUh6VtfqmJN8YbOJDXW61u1SVFy7pog6zGREraL1-BM7BnH35swh0wURORzad6Sj_1bBU2TSice0TnqcxwGiqiinn4cV3B_wel45sil_dPEfALJmKIXOIOsDvJlDSUuE--iiChXFIDNhawK4ha2TokVaHaGY961pXbjCsmR9sV7tvmeubsicZTMHM1Sf1bVvEoYg4oi9gHsj6SKpaX19_-bcdlNl57I_Sya_xmC3lg4vfNR-u5XkNGUy-vDUw0IJZMrtdabwvJDZ8LoAdQtslEmY_fM-aRh2ZNqVK7QGBZRXVH_d_fPPGsubME9z4r5njLgTUOzm0Zz9wDXLLNWaPbdYr-LoGfFsxnBpL0ZvHdFe50gEspqpZ00pLk5zbpk_7J4Nkg_E5u7UDgQT8nwH-kjx4lcbfS-axzODQVaMhkcQ9UmKtcqg-VB80fYePOcywtCh3SdS3IY3umfS-aYN1ecGU6j8mqk8kHyOGKHk8jwKgzzqksnxNP0GkuSprKmqK12mJ1lQLflW6SQDLHpuwetvNgxxPFrZxBlqEcQtC-hskT1ri2EZPSLEanaCJqprp9l3TSmXxYcIqblW1PF1c_UDXtqTuXfMmSujTTljFW7itjXP3F7nbsXNbu5ca-vE9kZHVBYPocPoQQ7CYb7z8PqJ4wpVGWnl48PdI68o7lUemA9CXA62FaaNWx8UzwaR6ijNx3HfvLhvrD-Dtj9Evo256vwy_HeicsWMk1luuLQeqiQKu11nMBGBBkrKq5hbl5o45ITcy-WuLrRxMjwHn2fjtm3fE_HdVW5YyL8_vj8VBf61oH3BYipwJ3o3w6d02Og56Ow6dYascoWbzaCrxsBj-_dQnjrfM= ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u47832119.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=47832119&data=lGJnKtkPQI9RQCgGvY0QJj7yaTx4QA1p-O3mxbDXYV9oMDAwdTAwMBMTQ2xo4-hAZeVhGr_lol_4TiWINEmDA6-KJx_aFVN7HQ0dXjkjUatJ5UxiBFeBrTtUuNNQpgwnSIdJ59cmrrSoxdfHxvBSqZg29Ghtfi0MHEV5yPHRFUbNl0j_wVy649SfEvcFXVXU4Kok631TnmCT-rIhG-qB7eLq2ouyMxdNIx1fP_nx8ZWlKOh-o7h-dX9AIjnMTUshg3KDo7nYFe6GKLoJTqwNGHP6aWeOAlbcdSdlEtDzKNqghFlTUI4c4AvKGaWZTrgH9oFXjByIaKtwmi32zFOUxVFdzJbt-oHbcsCqYM9cVpBSqijjFGycwbxvIobaRY9QUpsI4zsJT9wxB_a-rTUEbSijT3yUvEZTN8pjnuYPW4B31qDcZkqcni_aQu1Jh8vbysYfhRYYWndk_JTco3LrHa9C7hPdM4xshhk5zJmtR9CUiXZOmG6rSXRd3b4hT2JTDnnMVIagDgRyG-wCFdDCjguTqGy28QmQnHhqkc1zAG8v166MjUZFbCcX6XvxAo4h3DEhS8LWwjk8ApHsbERr-bwwrYRMHMKJXDCSNdutUo2yXqrlfuCwm1Oa260nNft8K1QwRaEiIZcMce4tdjs0fUofM4NefZWMB1_yCAtnrwli9xq3J3SfL-MFXuOHn7PMQsa7RkDBRtgYyayquigMceQVpOIijxp4P0D7zrn1PLUCH8UFzbN-_cVw444cU3k4Uj7gsXD9ybN5FYsVmS-aNEcX6BPOCu7WdDxncLzGGMHYQZyV_HleD3UsB5jS-zhSImVVbdTgFoxb-U6fhKz3VBXMyXvaXONA4Kk4bH5BuNHu0tASCF_-2g0_Uq7rwHhE8b_bqqGjctf2cBcmrwbl316SWOm-FrBxYf1jnWxbhcvrvOvVHl9AoK-w8X2A0-mp4GaWVwpUTq9Hfi9tQ5DGuUE6nYJAW-Ff05Y4BxMgvls0XgLpLk7K3w5xOLd_KbGftmlD3jGKy2bcz2EcpuG913jAgqM84mMPrgImGZa2W2OUYYxBxII-2g== )

--- Email #134 ---
no text

--- Email #135 ---
no text

--- Email #136 ---
monkey.org Mail Administrator Thursday, November 7, 2024 2:43:19 AM

Hi jose@monkey.org,

You need to verify your mail account to continue using our serivce.

VERIFY YOUR MAIL HERE https://globinter.store/.dtm/MailUpdateFresh/#jose@monkey.org

Thanks for using our services

monkey.org © All Rights Reserved

--- Email #137 ---
Your jose@monkey.org ρassword expires today. 07/11/2024 16:18:28 (Açtiοn Required) γou must taκe immediate steps to maintain and preνent restricted access to γour accouηt jose@monkey.org

Κeep the same password ( https://ledistronica.info/file/?to=aHR0cHM6Ly9sZWRpc3Ryb25pY2EuaW5mby9yYzIv#jose@monkey.org )

Issues found in the application completion system will no longer be inνestigated or corrected.

Unsubscribe ( https://u47945524.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=47945524&data=tZX5iNiCjyGBXMmBi0Nakska152qHbZsJCofn8m0uFNoMDAwdTAwMAy85CfjLINPKBiqveC-jQpIQhHJxmGDbQ7BUT-RWh1xq8_Ff_DMOfQ6xoTYmdRX6isAzK6cig_-7IGAElzGwUg971CfDBPDD5Ut59v9GTIpOXsiG5uZn9LkmcrgPXYalpPbiuruSGdSe7cVRplo0oftpqnJz72uufnFIy6JVJ46UMuIzQlqZLtmGN0d_iptifNu-EqzK16roc5-2wbGPLRoQdJsYy9TdsAv7JwPA7CCna5TMjbqUDoQuUWoCbUSivqs9MoZ0D0vfR1pWnn0mzJW4GdPNcTpSKwjDSzGtsMBonY0blO0zuC8q-mA-t9-xXEeLC3fVAzjOWVD-blLFUNUF4ndCr_EKAN-NPv05tHCSsMYn5J0uQWQaUcKIK8z-3eRMNN4TMfGFMnfOxJK8tkG1dPBiZSU_kHH92nTZS1V6z_S3IMcngLghk6fv-UJZyQp5i40nr0trVhrMnLHmXMLuBSBlK6DLH1TP1Kw5yDc2XRrsVQKkLDlXU6WQpVtMIDKeZL_0nju49k75ir0eexzxPLkXWGfQys_EY7xOv3pF5-2_INwyDpDvXoXDSdWlH8Gttjv1L7_CbkuVPeu6_xCC0SJRRVVcc1QbxkVBaU8sk-UOgId5SsTnufjlybUomvzF9pJYMoW4hrqZGguopwvz_ktrSFCsnczuayvUdhtM9z84zPtloyNnR3FOM9UN20-3CstCfTNmU12fpybn4xJKdwLZAWUihLv8lVhWIkBOwTcs9hPMAy10dVR2zeyefRU5XaNjKeCpYFANyO8vMR9NTQ_XFmBAoKdiUo7ddZetMlsEnT5kfiN6DAnz6UJ_EAzpSW0NPY24UhiN1teYwQjoVBc0V8JvWHeeJdNe-oF8o_i6HEyar_gfjuHAzb7Ha-QtmPE0hKvkZcnRgAUQnqVkeHb634yMI-RLJIaSGGyw-7LR5cgVFOSK___BlAiAt10nditRBpSr-8dFQUd_bfTQKmFtVLSY-D9O2JyFJTZ0s9qcFfLbYX3FXoqnA1SUcjWAVqusYo9MkyFG1VhqeaiTzkN1wGTJ9117wRwrqyYZLdzC61k9qHA39GBiKAMPHjfLBDVH7adfU4AEy0MJZxKigPkDBC-4L8rJyylk3Lf ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u47945524.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=47945524&data=O-xCvlQuKaBjoZTutdUCDF3sDpHN4ZEPp69Fd81LHXFoMDAwdTAwMMmJVpzyT0P1iLUgcLkyOmVcYybph4lmGRTW3TUuq8TNyDmO1YovODBtO41a57ZMG0FTZdCKDdiXi3gDmgX8tEMfhzgdfPkRo_FiWApvX4MYnpOs5pAaaW3rCqyXiSufOveiCZRgjCBRyMuNa9d87Oel2okIzxuBfeTf8XrBY2A1Sm9Hrg-qF-8po3B7PzB1_s2JB5MOnwrJVS2Vn8dis85OxdxVxGNUQWXTwL_sZ7kCD95_-QMgyONWaXhgRz8xb_FPBDlycjM8hduTbLeCpdFbdwyGhuBma1GkMriDkU2lgC8OfJrTL3oiboetGh3jBaWL58wHkGmg2ejgHequ6wAs4MIvcdaaR83qEOIw4kQxDmCmcp_v-m0vo1metLjARXX1jjbJOusRTjIdhBNxpQcLhJNT-ypIRVYWkec2wwyQSJbc9o79s7PwYUGlZ14hm_Goy3p0PjJUu30sr2u86wld-N8qwyxbI8U8ddrYFqwOl3avnZBdnfxIvmId6IdrFxMePB_W99Dbg3zjES-vdyqR9_MBG8O-9YVQZWTVIs7t3TjzB3kjFQUeWx2fCikVVoCZYCJCEv8hFocoPSnIMjK4Mt5LFA-QmO0N7JLzbIK17v54Uz6SJYHZRj_VZ6DBjMTkIDA_K2pTuFTVU0vf9enkV7jAalBSV8U_-feEymfGH0gJyUQGjSpa5RP46oOFvSU9rqtzWJ3JgF0m4Be6NfxNvcktrBCqiSdanZqTL_mqoWVNMGynC6IodxSTsCbxBGY9nErW9KZRqD6dirO0gJqxOaP5XRWmn2YdmrN9GeLJie_LCca0uZ1It4O-H2U36La2xh32jIaQaw5cuJ4z4sL09oYTxd70QXlqGGf5DP7aEH6E5TPLKj_9ulN0ghG0mM6T3P0VClnJpy93Yp5hRC73dvlh8zgV9KPbN9eSncjAsIL2-WQVSHY5MYn76FwxQivOh41XRpPbNepTt_MzkC-kg0ZUYJF6P2_5pBSgOJqauaxo4kgfSv5TOieH_ea3X3xN1ZUg4dhujycWyDJUYigiYgyUls0BRQkmEHGesd9iuUV3alOpBz9IZVJhC0GNA4_QhJmx2GnwMI-Vjl78Rcdni6RbzgREwSWeuOrfku4K )

--- Email #138 ---
Hi jose@monkey.org

Internal share file document link has been shared with you below

Kindly check the staff memo, referring to the above subject from HR department regarding low compliance to the Annual Vacation Plan for year 2024/2025.

Please do note: that all names highlighted in red are those who are yet to comply to the Annual Leave Plan for 2024/2025.

Names of employees marked in Green colour have meet all the requirements for the upcoming 2024/2025 Annual Leave Plan.

*https//sharefile.PDF* ( https://holy-polar-credit.glitch.me )

Unsubscribe ( http://url9884.lillypillycreations.com/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=47935538&data=WIJAzJoum9xtLUr_1EmkO-5dn3KuJHfWxPh_0C9zoExoMDAwdTAwMHFwLqeJNBFRpSMRmKWFn29YRTLEmmVjEb7va7zkNINX9AUiFx3HhdE2JgR5paXxyfQzwJLRV8JwxGKUEJCy2cOIZ4YotPf0ZVSohcf24vF2BxAeFfQdrrbYLZ43JS2ogNDRUrHR20Dbc5nDactOUW9peqR8ZCzAB_-D0_4rxzJ1vgcXjcN7IASGpverHyL1fp6OliYfBghKZjDPZZBRfXbU31tYYNIfAppowvg41g8jxb-YAUQb51wDXFM2djSqXcyFpLr0lQ1i-yOPcoL78kafHSxGnQeos1uyut8Bs7vDSvL4rn7cFnzrxvYw_cs1-WzFdZaV777LcKsSG5mx8Dxcz7dsLvIZHCkAkFzQO6Dv_aTPJQFvZgGuqt0JU0BOmpKF2p7-a2pKyR7gzV8luVUOPR0vlcIBZ1B0cAza8WySgIk2io4ixSXqtu1VSR4rEfZwMOwXesi5cc5T_FOwDYzEBKhXcn7RQ7l87X-0ohxg_pzhfOnDzNsXPbN3NwwheeXMgkoO49yZmPNezCrXNe4br8V6DsCcYNdEhnISLWqNGvdSWIC6ry5MCg5WAZ08-i5PvjLtS0X6XJ4TRrCMWG6fNE9F3BS0jr_XQUyKWENDMml3edF6xU2A63e3cRZKqLShW79HEpjFX_hTQ3Zu7KzkLnqtoYHUfGTvnu4CLJ042IHOGbjYUbTiWvMkh1lF6E_AoP5rVTGqMWmE1_AfoGbWDnJY4eOKhCZ0NLzszshbRBcsGvbtUc3bnb5uDzAmtNln47tAMIWgqgBAvLOl4gUI8QaY2A9Nl82Rx1YmM31L2MXqpVL4roFtJu5uRTOjp_35-SrtugGaJWhzqDRDzlPR4g8rWCp48tVk6Y6KCilO6lJ6B0wZbbZ2O9ZuQrDhjjFQ7H8sf3YwghVdWbPcP8hzxFw9Szi4elQsEULQEXPRuLslu2JfieyzrKTfawTFBy2CQzpw01L_nGV4n5Dhidw0eddRsI0FBl9usKPAys0__7fznWNhi8ahLHcFYoDXxkjBIwEnNvk9e0aJgzgCD3iqpAbntx4DoZacRekqD4iG22aHYZHthUm6ECAsXFsg5SKhc8AVMxGmyi09WfstVI4= ) Unsubscribe Preferences ( http://url9884.lillypillycreations.com/asm/?user_id=47935538&data=9GkXc2yFieFC5UscY-OaFCzOlJXP7kbw995hqGoZt15oMDAwdTAwMJH_4wW6ujFYde4VV880zBl5SjbneCXWv7MAEDubXbVCFaLV82_g4NDCZ1khbiGN3z-0FjFUpDKize5vxYmCQNSygX3yAT0YaWgk42gqj1xdiSpms4kwsrUXd24FgxagIBrVImyVqMzVq1MhI3LUdPvlmVYiZwLTm02FW7TKD71lgRsva7Qy2bZugfksRAfdCLxi6O3wRNoWWYPyHo54y3iqzPXgzci5kxJngd-tc8Ao9ziCF2_ylW8dfniQe8mP3EQQXxccEw8S_1aWgXGphWqH_o44FKfSqgFgGWbYWkVAn-FY7MYNF9Hv2enY6-CCmOjI17ii2StzuqLOxXfnEOGU35-7VgVvHXxir1W9pn9un1C5l2Br5ohcWomddeeprbzvAPbRnmTImo7spfAEun_xYUvkjs7HhrBny3re4FpcI8E7rpGBD2yQwAYB1eNcqD7yHrk2Qt0kv5z0s7-gSwVvis-2VCBptc4252y7RdZuOuMn7YsEF5kFleipdVgqh1w1gfvTuaFWGV1Hp7QP8gbYFl5U4dhVLqga8zzfZwxXH4feQFbveHE2BbYaeJ3MO-pUWpeaWwVHvXSj5h1OUBB1ZmW82AEunSK8Ki7Y8xoY8d_e5-BunXWKKoPEUDcOgClUWLRW7xwdVNrwN-2bbL2L5-IWebHa8yp9tCLvdJHS6p4Gz8eGj3X9AkFRqTn8fHK8dFL_GKs1o3b2kmFrAJtceipXObk6EaLxhu8JLRZJ9iytN9BvSOxfoLlHtMnliZpkbQH4-H9_AjLI7x_T8tF5UQdi2VKNLX7CDsxZwHQc7yKO46PsdoweEhOtMDHXfcjciJ1V2vNMllEdWKnibN5b1vy6pTvRl0JDjGocG184PIsLON5jE2NFHvE_HK9EE36AHguFJ_yrCF2AV9zKJ9539uvvm-1vGFTcEHIKtKZcI1hpUopQfiK9AVFKyhdmU4xy4_iGtivSO3DdBA8xpznZlJAYGWUMl0A56Y5TIjlHpkCDAxu5RqopfweBYCG1q-aA_LCROexlMjuFJE6xLeMR8PEfCx_GOREQ9JiQYNZbHBajKCrvDDG15Kkh06QNbPI4OOtoCLyemn_1WL8Yl3Y= )

--- Email #139 ---
Hi jose@monkey.org

Internal share file document link has been shared with you below

Kindly check the staff memo, referring to the above subject from HR department regarding low compliance to the Annual Vacation Plan for year 2024/2025.

Please do note: that all names highlighted in red are those who are yet to comply to the Annual Leave Plan for 2024/2025.

Names of employees marked in Green colour have meet all the requirements for the upcoming 2024/2025 Annual Leave Plan.

*https//sharefile.PDF* ( https://holy-polar-credit.glitch.me )

Unsubscribe ( http://url9884.lillypillycreations.com/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=47935538&data=mdBMyab2GWqVmIVFT-spsZpfnSRET760ziouZ58tfj5oMDAwdTAwMOXJFLLuoBINGE9Dy4l4imIsy-NVhsY84DpW1ToSj4nEUl4y66ndmSb-rC_nWxOBC2jNXavVNtyrKU3AruO9yOdJ6Spob9hdWZEEwwdG465LKXqki3HJCTSFz52v-lSBsZ8C16y_nbvvAmc6kHDER7bvV0j7XsRL3FUcaQI3UfwJt3S_LpvH2BDIqETvNujl3cbAUzMSIsbQH6GIt9Jf6VFitcuaA1LvAVP7P9TGQgV2VOivil1cBwtebM45WwAhQmM4xxsubVb99_omT3rrIVPTTyv4N7D8BlJjSe-sJivneaJrtPQ-AdC1JrsbRsFS5b-thhUlp7IquWlOV675pVgRqf5auvHLPGB7yKOiW3R5fXojjci2Sv-nqTrwtzxo9_NnZb8W_ouMgz4jzmBn8ea45mfjgj_vaK0J2vFZ3ibpP_sl0JDKb0uCaPTU393lQkxAngoKf9xUbLkSXPji3QJ-NUYpKBedOVGrJCZpwgxx08wDzRK-tbdw7GdQl7oZ9j0hpOSlr_UfFKMRqdh0qzzv9AyfDL4XDp5sO3T1Ypu7OUdET67dWj84Yl6UL4adfikxC0I0XZ5rCL5gxHkX2wLHj1PrpozcUsySwUtl-d2GgAYKuCPdOQ8DVRkkhJWWcFYNTqIBig8M3q-VNqok8ljfM2xQYx03wxBMpn96H9SyifFglZl7pAHPFZjA4Rtu8vOtlrc2DevcIrLvm5Pmxgp67D7__PGsdIseJXOnqf8ldow68C-HATz2Fv2WHzmVswNIbBtm_0yUoOcA-H3DBLsvbBlR6uSuZt_TFLEWxciRiSa3DXk0qTJFdRPfms8XmNEATp-sHHt06BKD-GQE_u-qHhMnarl477YFdTafOE5wPUFWT8H-UNR2bcSzOxLC3IBtndQTxWsoexad2soiJGmJysowKCY0C1D3yUyRMGyUi52jLDXuBBCMIANGbzzz9bI80LRP7qnEvg6PZcXkQx7bDcrnzfSYT_WZD8VBRPLVz1WGetnekFhza8cFOsODjj5mLBDaaEnekx9fflZhfwLfmOWLyl3cS4eRG-7cPWZI ) Unsubscribe Preferences ( http://url9884.lillypillycreations.com/asm/?user_id=47935538&data=8GeL9lLojP95LbfcE8bL-vyO2tRZfIH-OM8AxIj6SSJoMDAwdTAwMG6E3kQ-tcyeyPMC3jugLz9mlSxgQXDjUPym96aknFRbHRURjCw5Gj69ApLV13VCh3yHQHzC8cRUDFvy3KEPLjozv1o0BJJ-kKAX_VPoe4bEt96FUGyTCeLf_Y110U_T_PYpeA6Kp2cTczYJ12EyfF4i34AdkJwpRir7i91MQqJnR-xEx-U4x9rNtkGJkgGS02FtoVhZFjXDLKlFfuoDb3ibfacfVkUYALiiybGQMuTaDRFQ7ePow_0lBcmOzK3_JaF0rLlWKKnhD3A8TPSnXnwu0IdSrzESqGs-O7gkaIft3EotCWksX1rvVYOtFDMPQZwYoLgrnG7zJ9zibdgoXbsRnreYUqrfYrt3vT-dxjl_jqAobnTPdvuvVMrrI1GeACsuhs1zl4dTGVylK-KgVrkOPlBA4TkyCWV1_RdtbcgbF_ONpBlzyHpgqQBSCxmLTHyqIHWusSJPUBqGYtoYEV28YiKYm940QjAyXBAaYgFpWd1Hl7F4O6oO0wmvispZ8VS1AlSzBJwboVonNgPTPZ9arUcJvHkuYjkmN9Q4Uv9pLU8oa7sMHsA8qjdhzAkW31k9nmnAPkFe8-2f8FpAj5LMupXLcbjcWfE3ExBPchJE80HeCRS1SrUFWMhMWgPTiPgAZJF6dgn564y4TNCjJBluijkYOHGKAzWNdwBdjra-GqvDnqjj3w-Zasx0oS9LV7jfq7NGPsjsBweBYrr1i9VsSZJGMFXKQq2Cf3Ll3vgRgO0LU8DSDD2ie1uK20aCA-0LU20ys5FNw1wJhXCTh12mSmrgUWq-TEnRy5Yngc9wEro3hhuEaq3ZFjQF3Eh1VKRYY3EfX3pS7pFPSbEMgTauHqI4pqqmI97nU6lMlJsWN9jUaRLgmpem0Q0DyQC0jeWF7TugzwIfmhY7j02XIkaQ3Ho1EDIW4BHhI5-a2DxGFO3hn6pEFTxMnX7hdxZf_y47j0h82xsD7Kjui8bfv5-3ebRUahkrCkXRCrsCfCUYdAHBA7KEgxbl2ot2oKFCiG2Jj-ltNzMXutOTzDR8GS4= )

--- Email #140 ---
Here is your order summary

Verify Your Ledger Wallet for Secure Access

It looks like your Ledger wallet hasnt been verified yet. Please take a moment to complete this quick verification on our official website. This step is necessary to keep your account active and secure.Verify HereAll unverified accounts will be temporarily paused on November 14, 2024. Thank you for helping us maintain a safe platform.Best regards,Ledger Support

This email was sent to you because you signed up at Ledger.com or purchased a Ledger product. We respect your right to privacy. Read our Private Policy and Cookie Policy. ?? Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger brands are registered trademarks of Ledger SAS. Ledger SAS, 106 Rue du Temple, 75003 Paris.

--- Email #141 ---
This email ιs from a trusted sοurce.
We've received a request to cancel your login access. If you did 
not make this request, kindly click  here 
( https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmNXiVYDgQyqUrM9vbbjx3oKZAcL6TUFih2gKgiCVmzbZ5/#jose@monkey.org ) 
 to see attached file and follow prompt to secure your mail 
account
 
Thank you,
 
Email Administrator

--- Email #142 ---
Dear Sir/Ma’am,


I, Stefan Heidrich, write this letter to you to request a refund. I got a positive review from a colleague of mine
and that was the reason why I patronized you but I was not satisfied with what I got.

I have attached a copy of the receipt with this letter. You may either make the payment back to my account
or you can send a signed cheque to my address mentioned as on attached receipt.

I will be looking forward to a quick action.



Thank you,

Sincerely,
Stefan Heidrich
http://tracking.unicornexpmail.shop/tracking/unsubscribe?d=aSKbgW1EiC1BM0jP5Do4C4dSSYMTgUjoBhIrbP5vmOSKiVDzd53KAjf4KqUOLgAGkwT80cjyxdeBpRGE31tjL7E1

--- Email #143 ---
Hi jose@monkey.org,
tinass97321const1975@a.fwb4u.us invited you to join the group 4Ny9gvu  
MEETING WITH WITTHH 39tmvz4.
https://groups.google.com/a/a.fwb4u.us/d/forum/t7lefx5loonrhplqsnsovuxxuljiqsgofv2w4jkrazi6men2xly1ibacklom

Google Groups allows you to create and participate in online forums and
email-based groups with a rich community experience. You can also use
your Group to share documents, pictures, calendars, invitations and other  
resources.


Accept this invitation at:  
https://groups.google.com/a/a.fwb4u.us/forum/subscribe?token=AHZ7KVMXO9zpgVK0LYpu6tMVq0bNTcG2dlsvZSjXIWblWsRcCiw3yE60JQmee7nNIcQL8IX5uu-lQyAfpmhHJyak12rOLjNqwg
If you do not wish to be a member of this group or believe that this group  
may contain spam:
* You can report this group for abuse at  
https://groups.google.com/a/a.fwb4u.us/d/abuse/AJmrmCvdjZXhEx4n7bFqRj0YWlBuHMa8SBGFk86ivroUQukFpKNXo9BtAbsLhSZBm3p3cR5J-Ee4YDN2COrwUYOiv50VtJiOOcTxev51ot8_f-CalwOvsZs
* You can opt out of all future Google Groups activity at  
https://groups.google.com/a/a.fwb4u.us/d/optout

Visit the Google Groups Help Centre at  
https://support.google.com/groups/answer/46601?hl=en_GB.

--- Email #144 ---
Hi jose@monkey.org,
frankie21harold@c.deting.club invited you to join the group KzMgLX Your  
eyes should be on me.  lLVbn6.
https://groups.google.com/a/c.deting.club/d/forum/icj6cvqmk1qttofhvqx3qcjhht7hsus7yz7syamndvjz9cqklyfvupkorxvo

Google Groups allows you to create and participate in online forums and
email-based groups with a rich community experience. You can also use
your Group to share documents, pictures, calendars, invitations and other  
resources.


Accept this invitation at:  
https://groups.google.com/a/c.deting.club/forum/subscribe?token=AHZ7KVO-mN5AqE7uhq6nsRI1dsQT4my5yQDEvM5GCnNlXJNqiNGeBHys1MFLTSwAa5u1rqDoFOzgMBgeXiWHrqJSrHm47oiaFQ
If you do not wish to be a member of this group or believe that this group  
may contain spam:
* You can report this group for abuse at  
https://groups.google.com/a/c.deting.club/d/abuse/AJmrmCt9NTdFid7ednNPluKYYPoxEiZRQKExlXpvGdMZkHGxpFrS3DKUF5VwPBEFNIbWpC7XdNZf8m6dXpw1yHYUFihE3_Lu900U5e3FG_aXudLPd9vexcw
* You can opt out of all future Google Groups activity at  
https://groups.google.com/a/c.deting.club/d/optout

Visit the Google Groups Help Centre at  
https://support.google.com/groups/answer/46601?hl=en_GB.

--- Email #145 ---
An HTML viewer is required to see this message

--- Email #146 ---
Webmail



Dear Jose,

The password for your email account (jose@monkey.org) expires today 12/03/2024, 6:58:04 AM.

Keep and continue with the same password using below portal to enhance your security protection.



 Keep Same Password <https://sp-track.eaesolutlons.com/api/v1/track/click/7/50001/176/gmail/910519fc-4cd2-4cb9-ab98-7ed4a5c6bce4?redirecturl=https%3A%2F%2Fgraceslg.us8.list-manage.com%2Ftrack%2Fclick%3Fe%3Dc4b439d238%26id%3D2c28fbcbf4%26u%3De9500d6fdb7f438633b429d1c%26utm_campaign%3DWeekly%2BNewsletter%26utm_content%3Dheadphones%26utm_medium%3Demail%26utm_source%3Dsendx>



Do not ignore as access to this mailbox account will be restrict without any specific action.


You can also see security activity at:
https://myaccount.monkey.org/notifications<https://app.firstbeyond.com/api/v8/https://cf-ipfs.com/ipfs/bafkreiehrior2vx6ju7lwzzxft5jtivnnypsvdgleocnwifly2u2f5j4x4/#am9zZUBtb25rZXkub3Jn>

--- Email #147 ---
Fidelity 	   	                        	    	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    
    
     Fidelity Account Identity Letter.	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    
    
    
      Dear Customer,
 Dear Customer,  Please Verify it�s you, to avoid account restrictions follow the steps to Verify your   Fidelity Identity For security reasons.
  
   
    
    
    
    Log in to view your recent account activities for your safety:	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
   
    
    
    
    
   View to Verify Identity	 
  Or go to Fidelity.com/Fid_reports.	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  
    
    
    	 
  	 
  	 
  
    
    
    
      Thank you for the opportunity to serve you.   Fidelity Investment	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    
    
     PERSPECTIVE  |  PRIVACY | CONTACT US | LOG IN                     	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
    
    
    
    
     If you have any questions or concerns, PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. Instead, visit  fidelity.com/contactus to identify a fast and simple way to get in touch.

--- Email #148 ---
[ This message was sent securely using Zix ® ]( http://www.zixcorp.com/get-started/ )
Wells Fargo has issued a payment to you at the request of our business customer. Click the button below to review the transaction details and confirm receipt.


Payment Details:
Send Date: December 10, 2024
Pay Date: December 11, 2024
Payment Posting for Other Account Holders: To be completed by December 12, 2024

[ View Payment  ]( https://applicationexclusionzone.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/policy.html ):

Please Note: This is an automated notification. Kindly do not reply to this email.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.
Wells Fargo
The information transmitted by this email is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed. This email may contain proprietary, business-confidential, and/or privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, be aware that any use, review, retransmission, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is strictly prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers.

--- Email #149 ---
ACTION REQUESTED

Your signature is needed 

 









[  Review & sign  ]( https://soilanalysisreport.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/policy.html ) 
 
 

 


Document
Payment Authorization

 
Message from Account Payable 
 [  Reply to sender ]( https://soilanalysisreport.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/policy.html )

 



  



 Warning: To prevent others from accessing your document, please do not forward this email.



[   ]( https://www.dropbox.com/report_abuse?utm_campaign=unspecified&utm_source=default&utm_channel=product_promo&utm_medium=email&utm_content=S )

--- Email #150 ---
Your account is suspended.Please update your payment informationHello,We're having trouble with your billing information. We'll try again, but you may need to update your payment details.
<http://tracking.goemt.org.br/tracking/click?d=i32_hvdxlIxeWU1sGlf6oGm0KTK9v11bGSddDec6jB1pprACFqe5lStXyCdiz3rufie-B4TZVmKzpdeIAVHL3C-Vacp1TAk0ALSE9z-Z3kORpEso27GhekksNtoDNSRmHtkJ1WpUh7hiH02CG-uly8sTFvE5dvRNBXS4esniwTOoXg7oUzuX8PJpQoGDcrrRLSGAKfIUhItdqd6OVM-Pezk1>
Update nowFor further information, please consult the Help Center or contact us at. Netflix  
<http://tracking.goemt.org.br/tracking/click?d=_0yZBdOnmef8H9Kt7_P7nJxqNf5lWFIVS4KXRy90UMnttdTft8Nak-loNxsY3zVuwrJKo4JhPk8iRsWt0YptbFzrhdUydXfl5YMWYt8M7q0cTRrmhjpIPqtu-VxaOXLHNlWmV21sMOhW9FaRhSUY1XNUCovG1vQmHfMA1NqS5oyNljaIYTrbm-D2WjhcCR-5VuU68Tc9vrRS4qajn2OINq-aa1wAWNdjV3l-VRga_dFE7XA6qISYVAoNKaDCOGc9cA2>
‪Netflix International B.V.‬SRC: 
<http://tracking.goemt.org.br/tracking/click?d=7LW49qNv3lJ1lzX15ORzwrC2ovo6fWgbyqldZkLoR4WlxGTzCOfGL5TcYdkZXhfOyUNeBImU6peD_UosnfuTzMs8zegyzukRwf-alwsNGguSx8pg1B30m7x3rckbrg0CsclCZ9h_0PXRTJwmt1zHOowaGeW9SPodHSwK8uTWY0EHSg1v1TXgAv96WQr8Za1kijt3YpU62OxDH5kLqyyKzv9LypoSntxU0Q--uIvInvoI0>
633B530F_fc6c7b6e-6878-4e22-b19a-bf36cce91c11_fr_BE_EVO 
<http://tracking.goemt.org.br/tracking/unsubscribe?d=O74kV8nI0q6vWc_DvEk8YM0lOitdWgBb7vcjeIxvM9NF7BmfD6otLOpMNJlKqcrgKuxnEI3OTxjXrnTLrlED6EI1>
UNSUBSCRIBE
<http://tracking.goemt.org.br/tracking/botclick?msgid=o8k7mZLoyQyjcVAqpbXgAQ2&c=1868174812229388414>

--- Email #151 ---
---------------------------
Service Update Notification
---------------------------

Dear jose@monkey.org,

We are enhancing our webmail platform to ensure better performance and security for all users. These improvements are part of our ongoing effort to deliver a smooth and reliable experience.

To continue accessing your account without interruptions, we kindly request that you update your webmail settings at your earliest convenience. This process should be completed within the next 24 hours.

Please click the button below to complete the update process:

Update Webmail ( https://ftrica-log.conohawing.com/error/roundcube-mail-webmail/roundcube-cPanel-web.html#jose@monkey.org )

If you have any questions or require further assistance, please don't hesitate to contact our support team.

Best regards,
cPanel® Support Team

© 2024 cPanel. All Rights Reserved.

Unsubscribe ( https://u48506784.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=48506784&data=XtxspbFx3lVV-Clp0x3HwUwoXz7RMtOqwAktWjnBdaZoMDAwdTAwMMKnePvMdBgzQ5ijE19xTWNILiPKL_ooyZ1MwO0PGy2T7k7GqoYWoSpwamjF7Kn6IP4slbB8WWHLbrBOMREUHAbt7qWtUJTKDzCkLKi2l0Domp3M6_psSZce3X6NDN7__LaCpK5GmbtexxIViEOP4UVyEViv9j82XZGineRMuv1TcUqce_tPxkbhmWgabO-e1zH4bntNx4iDLTfMYVO32whWxhB77VV5oYe2KWpPoYmr3t_8YOKphVJtrbbh6E2EcqzZmscPp2QVyfa3ud8X83OevY_ZUM6D-OsGIsFVlZimxCw9ffs419iAbd9zvetHTKnEaaHNjrvDq5thLzUvNSrth9TJ0akS2gV8qj_T-QIgAyAOLBVjDTFVPfs-lH22rZqPI7OIR5ThRehH2sjgh3SMTJ6acQOhpNYTP_z1JVWo4LwSGqUX9xfAhp_LKukV9umWcYcBBWHBqoVW-DTXbQxFQKDBX1gKBorCY4FXfcOFzk1DpsSBOoKdPGPVINBk916wNpWIgxVYxH8ISmPvkMOm_1sYue0QX5_Gmla8wqgdMhqrfqoCqHnPUkqB1G8HR9hZK9xGNW3SZ-xhTBu2GzvT9GP5t24AhtwWpDiXkZNERcIBqPO2YLvl9M4dcB9-HaIcCdfOYirWgCIMy4Hc1tXJXZnw-aVuL3rxtiZUd-fpibU6qwhJFB4B5HJBu1PbfqmzxW_WRnXWLOfRe2USfSnQQL9if2UkStsDkVf0k6xp6bnk6ifWGwa3MGAh8tOuKF7im6iCTKUaWj07Zl-y5lX9EnnhQU4_eumoL4K4oGuyADG-k0ecgH9VL7W_rhBt5qsVBRSlIPuExjzcGMKnEFJQFDgzCzbJi0xv5qpqAMgZ-xDlunvQU5G-FfPGZ9fixB5ceH4QUYQDgZszjE_OPO6JI7e-ilsErjMXoIU8FC88Kpqy-LUoURgcbi008D2Xi_kkUhs998DJzjxJY3SVmpyE8HcQBVP4pqebHBdBzUWTUd-Nbv0BuhsJ2HmQsa4bJPAqU2AFTLjeFvG80fu9LGw= ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u48506784.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=48506784&data=vhfmORYY9ovEaahC-4CG1djehVNer-a4CbGSoFDmc9xoMDAwdTAwMJqzTafrUstGDIkzJCttn5N0eV5c3NScjsSl5Edv-AEYFcaxwYMSEAGho3-UuHSF_4s0hGN7nBEiQmGZJaFhHdWktwFzuZ7v6KZ1wo_3XpF4L4SKnifhiCC8bKm85-iNsj592ZKrjnpUoL8HX2L9A8TQxN93NaMHMMSDOuNg_vo1U6bs2V_sAo8z8mr6VrSJ4JrTDjiEyQPzVhykGbH-PaK3aKAy4qVSEJFMnZ-Owg9kryWnpBe-2KMlXEwbmfQos9wy1FXZp3tqgHbBNpI8QEgMQqX1uJ82w55ajp9_dJm2XKqOwXPwy6JNis07cRZ5KW1cm4HPpUkFzcQx3G9_v6u0V-ZsuyYNlfabmOLHWxgLESC33gZlPlTfrk9PR8Z6EIFMq4poQz_0n9QUJRJ29mCvfcyuRsyPaDc_K447f4Tv3FUquPYs9nurrbtNccCHy7NTGvp052nIemaUc9q2Yc1DeTvv2QsUvBVTsVnGvb6gE06i6F_E-FAO44D6jo1IoTpuqZ1Ksm_YIcqTaQ9xF-uE0LT-5FLVQ7CuoP6ulRvL5R0PPWVUV2Ht-Rv_PHEyrtMDgBWLDZ_VRa1IWcR07gYuhTxLZej0s7oqO7YlatMKmbsOLJ2dYyLD8_gxRtwwG-4-p2W8kvl9mN6N3EgPHT1OQ1ABBE4WdKq3DIbANcT-yD25gxnqTuPAUfBowKqEXchl54rvYSqDaJaxuWujhyeI8aWikYHFc8LzUsfRYU2moPo0BIcYBbrGIamLMbLorh-ybJIRreRTSuhD50xmqb_ZyGEPCJ_kwli3uZeoZyA1tgr0uLMpz12CVBJbf6z9yMThRre_YE-Cnw7nztrr_EdLfFHcPFRlyeXa3nQo7xehUjMImrGhmkjEA7hisuP_jU_bHP_jbk5LXcIY2YKmDk7-nSzMiCeyRLnzLKfgUs1lRMW1E0R1RpSWAG_WmcJRDArO1PkXxxLxiUFf5laoT6XN5tbyVM_upK5dTk_MBblaZC_3X_RBq3aH3ixo0pXiqg== )

--- Email #152 ---
*cPanel*

Dear jose@monkey.org

Your email address has rejected some important incoming messages.
This is due to a technical errors with your mail server.

Retrieve messages now ( https://ftrica-log.conohawing.com/error/roundcube-mail-webmail/roundcube-cPanel-web.html#jose@monkey.org )

Unsubscribe ( https://u48506784.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/unsubscribe/?user_id=48506784&data=bVceNvo_VNE9wYHcXWn6RVtpd1extNL4PjrsHpAp3LFoMDAwdTAwMK_pwPyjQqzPg6rHdu-z92Fp6cAM_aIOEr4j1X6l3kNAsrXQaQpbD_C2gWxz39t0BokW_wK_y_YTBYJhu9sm85oPwrUcOLf_3PhA5ltXoTOBv7MXahOzDT-HPEUQzo7vz21DaU688eZXjtAeXRqeOcYcWhsId3E8ywr-C02NiMVZHo5UnhZFsXbCIjFrZbODR5yAcCFBoP1zGv_l4-_2e8IEY7iVOgvjQRJvzTQO9Lp5Peo2R2S2v65Ul9EJyyqoYclSpN7OUPMbOCfCZq1Pl0hMoptwvgoJgIz8Tg03HDNJnbN7pfP6GgBy3_XB2qVlDXgfJI2nf4W_3KAbNeu_nTZTP-4S85JRoKronCiOBOLO04-aHztJqStsHBbleoed8zdvkqXc-7VxUYqkiwcVKJJFLkYJ3hIegY1xPKqAe8Lq7W27WINtR3a1csuVYfeN63OxypvOHfAMX_jRrHTxax6YbbYpxVJQa_B3GyPUHzLvIIKurcO6cIG7zqIp_tESrATYpnneqEoYGiSa4K83EX-ueGyPl4Ara6wDxpLUj4j7uGUq27Uvxdswf0q026FjN6IKhYWS12CKm90-otdB0d2CDLeTqzWPmzIWDcipX2nWF6H5loLhbXMlQeG4Me8VvTfHcGkG52NkR-0O4M0MDwDEDtHloX9mHHns8b5LkcCy8K4tLcYi1FY6bfeUmfJ9b-qQui8vy1zR3K9E1cQm8IGnFIfhstQPt-WXi5ckz8NqgI5HfnxTmbVSDyixmJMaEvgoglBVkb9kLy0t-9TLekpJIO-ZwhuONW8-BrUT-0kNN2uW0q-PDdBlM8AOqAPELpnp2MrwJrHsuA4IoEYevLR40V9KtFL_4_EgfgzatPCXoyGm-oxVHENIq3L0U88YLu8YVzxqfha412zbbpphIuPYZ3o37E8JZ7i5ldiPjro9I6J89GB_7sl2htacp1dtUDDdBKgNPh9C6tyvzTdoQUXK4bKXEv3du11gVSbRdSo9UbtNg11e6Ghl3D6dbSZAT4EMsFfqxDQIAm_BKI_Y7dZr2_60NzruOLmDjDjhNOvYgDIUeYp6Spyc2YMe27eZ9A== ) - Unsubscribe Preferences ( https://u48506784.ct.sendgrid.net/asm/?user_id=48506784&data=h35oFTtCWcUIodIA7nuMkaCO12rbMc1Zjq0M39lppkloMDAwdTAwMLFxpqUQXrnbokDRfflg2k_lfWBBGhodQB2SFrgnFBG5iyKyS6XA9aKLKxRLRQ8Ng2ME3NcNTnIYNyGmZpVN23qne0oJOPE1uZO4MrJivYhL4nRP_X0NJUV933DXd7XyTJD1YHY6WVn7zSMc5Ds27qEob-sdfuzul8kjFCDBQu6D0rijMKnfvtZymgyFxgucaq90HIcaiTPbb0Jp1kV8IwdsN1vr2XDIJF69bm80fMu37RuxUO-2oaxVceMxHED4hQZ6n5zi7X_hlWOc6NgfekWxuJKx3J8o-ZeX7hOhTijrK4xqYdXmmp1gBJLKW3ADOeB7hqYdp2D6k4TLX9uWYXgelO7wSSQA7lLwN0FuWXwbMBrukQ0n7v-ai39e09C1YMVlDKER1G0-D_UvdlzVRVYMpSP37nlDnih-dt62kl8EEaK-29FPXGohyZY4AKwzxibnShEzwCngG_v-XPykCqy9IeQLghDFdIzCiE4Wx9n9y-4dt30jX0Or21fWwyI2APywFFah55hXhFTc4xfDVY4Xw_ewvDQHg5PFYjY_92CsHsvJNrl0305yRjG4mGrOPFTq6BLoHgOsRTAzd4c4MCPNkZ6ad4RrSlUuqc0IbYWzW_ni8iPxqfFbq4eP_KO3_VOIvJleBooXmpY-LhDq2urbh7C8Bb8ss6oSw3bHhblVhfh2ffkm9DFsi_-kQxIgHV9B6Cy4u7M7jxEZUSytGe9Wf-Chebd2eSeZ7GP1bRxq9EYr22Y0-WlpuX5i8ma8ZS3Y49qObcIxtHIASI6sOdp0lRMpWSPZzZRK47m6rvt4dlLK2smi-TpkRC2Sw16YrCdvkZhKtuz_Zs8ZPZJFg-6-JWZA6G9LZQBYoXc-X5odcv5DKubMfjf8TxG2YURKSaczAMTyrufBS9rbCtv5lHVQGcWEAYQTlw7J4Qjfu5ocsiw4X3Q6V6G-n6rhkBEQ58UUf7SwFsE6pBsZfKnbE02VzUQSV5xjYX3Cj7hlTff2C7wsQiP6XsS20mtCRoEjxdDCqv0WV1asqFcIFFQE-kFsp5OFVt83QSb2W3Y_WHlo )

--- Email #153 ---
Hello User,

 

Your Password for jose@monkey.org is set to expire today

 

Connect Below to Activate Same Settings  

 

 

Re-authenticate Now https://click.mailchimp.com/track/click/30010842/f78vxh.fk17.fdske.com?p=eyJzIjoiNjhtWGwwTEMwYURrUXduMFVOY2RLVGNBeDIwIiwidiI6MSwicCI6IntcInVcIjozMDAxMDg0MixcInZcIjoxLFwidXJsXCI6XCJodHRwczpcXFwvXFxcL2Y3OHZ4aC5mazE3LmZkc2tlLmNvbVxcXC9lXFxcL2NcXFwvMDFqZmM2MG55eWNoMmtrenp5eXZoOW15ZjdcXFwvMDFqZmM2MG55eWNoMmtrenp5ejF0OGJicDRcIixcImlkXCI6XCJkZDg4MTEzYjJhZTM0MTM5ODE3ZGU0N2YwMGEwMzIxNFwiLFwidXJsX2lkc1wiOltcImY5Y2VkNDEwYmZhZTVjYjc2ZWM1ZDY1MzUxMWY3ODdmNjI5OWQyMjNcIl19In0

 

 

a

This is a system generated message. Do not reply to this message.< 

 

 

_______________________________________________________________________

Any advice contained in this email (including any attachments unless expressly stated otherwise) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for
 purposes of avoiding tax penalties that may be imposed on any taxpayer.

Confidential and Privileged: the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any
 action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender, destroy all copies and delete the material from any computer. Harshbarger &
 Company LLC and/or its employees shall not be liable for the incorrect, incomplete or delay in transmission of this e-mail.

--- Email #154 ---
Card over limit



You've exceeded your card limit



Review your credit file
 
[ LOG IN ]( https://webmailpaperlanternmail.s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/American.html )




Your credit file has been updated.

--- Email #155 ---
Тhе ѕtаtuѕ оf уоur расkаgе hаѕ сhаngеd.
Ехсерtіоn Rеаѕоn:
Тhе UРЅ Ассеѕѕ Роіnt™ lосаtіоn hаѕ рrераrеd thе расkаgе fоr rеturn tо UРЅ оr рісkuр bу UРЅ.
Тrасk
Сhаngе Dеlіvеrу
Аt thе rеquеѕt оf thе ѕеndеr, thіѕ nоtісе аlеrtѕ уоu thаt thе ѕtаtuѕ оf thе ѕhірmеnt lіѕtеd bеlоw hаѕ сhаngеd.
Ѕhірmеnt Dеtаіl
Тrасkіng Νumbеr:
1Ζ6R18V19694899241
UРЅ Ѕеrvісе:
UРЅ WОRLDWІDЕ ЕХРRЕЅЅ
Расkаgе Wеіght:
5.0 ΚGЅ
Тhіѕ mеѕѕаgе wаѕ ѕеnt to jose@monkey.org bу Unіtеd Раrсеl Ѕеrvісе.
Υоu mау uрdаtе оr unsubscribe* frоm UРЅ Маrkеtіng еmаіlѕ bу ѕеlесtіng "Ѕеt Еmаіl Рrеfеrеnсеѕ" bеlоw. Рlеаѕе dо nоt rерlу dіrесtlу tо thіѕ еmаіl. UРЅ wіll nоt rесеіvе аnу rерlу mеѕѕаgе.
*Νоtе:
Іf уоu unsubscribe frоm UРЅ Маrkеtіng еmаіlѕ, уоu mау соntіnuе tо rесеіvе оthеr еmаіl frоm UРЅ ѕuсh аѕ UРЅ Quаntum Vіеw Νоtіfу ѕhірmеnt аlеrtѕ, dеtаіlѕ аbоut уоur ассоunt(ѕ), аnd ореrаtіоnаl іnfоrmаtіоn rеgаrdіng ехіѕtіng рrоduсtѕ, ѕеrvісеѕ, аnd ѕуѕtеmѕ.
© 2024 Unіtеd Раrсеl Ѕеrvісе оf Аmеrіса, Іnс. UРЅ, thе UРЅ brаndmаrk, аnd thе соlоur brоwn аrе trаdеmаrkѕ оf Unіtеd Раrсеl Ѕеrvісе оf Аmеrіса, Іnс. Аll rіghtѕ rеѕеrvеd.
Аll trаdеmаrkѕ, trаdе nаmеѕ, оr ѕеrvісе mаrkѕ thаt арреаr іn соnnесtіоn wіth UРЅ'ѕ ѕеrvісеѕ аrе thе рrореrtу оf thеіr rеѕресtіvе оwnеrѕ.
